{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31506\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f37\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\f42\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Segoe UI;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f50\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f50\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f413\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f414\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f416\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f417\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f418\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f419\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f420\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f421\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\f463\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Segoe UI CE;}{\f464\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Segoe UI Cyr;}
{\f466\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Segoe UI Greek;}{\f467\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Segoe UI Tur;}{\f468\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Segoe UI (Hebrew);}{\f469\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Segoe UI (Arabic);}
{\f470\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Segoe UI Baltic;}{\f471\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Segoe UI (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \f31506\fs22 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\contextualspace \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 \styrsid1966978 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f31506\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs16 \sbasedon10 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid2440837 annotation reference;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\contextualspace \rtlch\fcs1 
\af31507\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 \slink17 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid2440837 annotation text;}{\*\cs17 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs20 
\sbasedon10 \slink16 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid2440837 Comment Text Char;}{\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\contextualspace \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af31507\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon16 \snext16 \slink19 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid2440837 annotation subject;}{\*\cs19 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs20 
\sbasedon17 \slink18 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid2440837 Comment Subject Char;}{\s20\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\contextualspace \rtlch\fcs1 \af42\afs18\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f42\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext20 \slink21 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid2440837 Balloon Text;}{\*\cs21 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af42\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f42\fs18 
\sbasedon10 \slink20 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid2440837 Balloon Text Char;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1966978\rsid2440837\rsid3676831\rsid10310158\rsid13059960\rsid14252671\rsid15468398\rsid15751624}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0
\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\author SCHWEBEL, SARA}{\operator Rachel Manuszak}{\creatim\yr2017\mo5\dy6\hr13\min40}{\revtim\yr2017\mo5\dy6\hr13\min40}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages10}{\nofwords4861}
{\nofchars27714}{\nofcharsws32510}{\vern31}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont1\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen
\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\viewnobound1\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel
\wrppunct\asianbrkrule\rsidroot10310158\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit\usenormstyforlist\noindnmbrts\felnbrelev\nocxsptable\indrlsweleven\noafcnsttbl\afelev\utinl\hwelev\spltpgpar\notcvasp\notbrkcnstfrctbl\notvatxbx\krnprsnet\cachedcolbal \nouicompat \fet0
{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\nofeaturethrottle1\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid10310158\contextualspace \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10310158 <hi rend="bold">The Islands</hi>
\par 
\par Spanish Exploration by Sea
\par 
\par Visible from the mainland lay the islands to which the Spanish were to affix the melodious names of Santa Catalina and San Clemente, and beyond was small San Nicolas. The Gabrielinos
 had a descriptive phrase for them. "<emph>Wexaj momte asunga wow</emph>," they said: "Mountain ranges that are in the sea."
\par 
\par The language spoken on all these islands and perhaps on tiny Santa Barbara Island as well, was Shoshonean. The dialect of the most
 dominant of the group, Santa Catalina, was Gabrielino, and it is probable that this was also true of San Clemente. The speech of the inhabitants of the Channel Islands off the Ventura-Santa Barbara coast was Chumash, but the material culture of the entir
e group at the time of the advent of the Spanish, is classified under the term "Canali\'f1o."
\par 
\par True to form, the mainland Gabrielinos found something uncanny, even sinister, in the isolation granted their tribesmen by the rough waters of the channel. Although 
brisk trading went on between them, and the mainland had learned from the religious genius of the men of Santa Catalina many of the elements of their vigorous <emph>Chungichnish</emph> cult, it was whispered that while the shamans of the mainland might ki
ll their enemies with poison, those of the islands were fierce wizards who used wolves to carry out their lethal designs.
\par 
\par The Luise\'f1o Indians had a similar respect for the men of Santa Catalina. One of the informants of Helen H. Roberts told her that these
 islanders "knew better" than the folk of the mainland, that they could "prophesy truly." It was believed that they lived two or three hundred years and were so strong they could bend trees. These trees were like gods, it was said. They were frequently na
med in songs by a clan from Santa Catalina which had migrated to the mainland, whereupon all that they "called for would come true."
\par 
\par The Spanish, when the turn of history brought them to Santa Catalina in October, 1542, saw nothing at all to fear in these 
fishermen and artisans in basketry and stone. As Juan Rodriguez Cabrillo's ships came to anchor the natives took up their bows, while their women and children fled to hide in the chaparral, but the exploreres managed to convey by signs convincing proof of
 their peaceful intent. Soon the Spaniards went ashore, amid what seems to have been a feeling of friendliness and mutual trust.
\par 
\par An even more cordial reception was accorded the Vizcaino party in 1602, which was beckoned to shore by signal fires. The author
 of the general diary of that expedition wrote: "We anchored, and the admiral, Ensign Alarcon, Father Fray Antonio, and Captain Peguero, with some soldiers, went ashore. Many Indians were on the beach, and the women treated us to roasted sardines and a sm
all fruit like sweet potatoes."
\par 
\par Thus, almost casually, are reported the earliest meetings of these Indians, so long established on their peaceful shores, with the restless Europeans who were welcomed with shouts and "great rejoicings." Many elements of dra
ma are present in these events, and not the least of them lies in the extraordinary courage of the explorers in their small, poor ships, with simple navigation equipment and inadequate stores of food and water. A description of the symptoms of scurvy, as 
penned by Father Juan de Torquemada from the records of the Vizcaino expedition removes from these oft-told events any tinge of mere romantic adventure.
\par 
\par Although Vizcaino went on to explore Monterey Bay he saw little more of the coast than had Cabrillo, 60
 years earlier, or Cermeno during the intervening years. He visualized the use of this bay as a port of call for the treasure ship, the Manilla Galleon, which annually reached a point almost, if not quite, as far north as Cape Mendocino before turning to 
s
ail before the northwest wind to a haven in Mexico, sometimes running a gauntlet of freebooters on the way. Critics point out that these ships stood out to sea a hundred or more miles at the most northerly point, and that San Diego would have made a much 
better port and one far closer to sources of supply and defense.
\par 
\par However Vizcaino's motives and accomplishments may be evaluated, he was an intrepid explorer, and he and his chroniclers left a mass of reports that became the sources for historians, from Fa
ther Torquemada and Venegas down to those of today. The original narratives and "representations" were intended to influence His Majesty, Philip III of Spain, to order a second expedition. During a long delay, while this was under consideration, Vizcaino 
d
ied. All his ambitious plans for the settling of California and the conversion to Christianity of the thousands of Indian inhabitants, for whose souls, "going to destruction," he apparently felt a genuine concern, went into the dusty archives of Spain and
 Mexico.
\par 
\par The importance, to our study, of these expeditions lies in these diaries and narrations. Venegas quoted from them in his descriptions of the women of Santa Catalina as handsome, with lovely eyes and features, and of the children as fair, affable a
nd usually smiling. The writer of the Vizcaino diary reported that the faces of the women showed them to be modest. All seemed to agree, however, that the men added a talent for thievery to their general cleverness and first-rate intelligence.
\par 
\par Soon after 
their landing, probably in Avalon bay, the ships moved to an anchorage in the Port of Catalina, on the seaward side of the isthmus. Here, the diarist wrote, "The general went inland to see the opposite coast. He found on the way a level prairie, very well
 
cleared, where the Indians were assembled to worship an idol which was there. It resembled a demon, having two horns, no head, a dog at its feet, and many children painted all around it. The Indians told the General not to go near it but he approached it 
a
nd saw the whole thing, and made a cross, and placed the name of Jesus on the head of the demon, telling the Indians that that was good, and of heaven, but that the idol was the devil. At this the Indians marvelled, and they will readily renounce it and r
eceive our Holy Faith, for apparently they have good intellects and are friendly and desirous of our friendship."
\par 
\par Other records called this clearing a "patio" and described the "temple" as a large circle, surrounded by feathers from birds which the Indians
 had sacrificed. At one side of the figure painted "like a demon" was an image of the sun, at the other one of the moon. While the party was visiting the spot two ravens flew from the enclosure to some rocks. The soldiers killed them with their arquebuses
, which threw the Indians into the wildest lamentation. The devil, explained the writer, talked to the natives through the ravens.
\par 
\par The skill of the islanders as fishermen was described by such adjectives as graceful, easy and pleasant. Sea lions and large 
fish were caught with bone harpoons which were fastened to the ends of thin willow rods tied with long cords. So impressed were the Spanish by the plank boats that they credited them as being large enough to carry 20 men, adding that they were often manag
ed by only two, with a boy along "to bail out the water which flows in."
\par 
\par We read: "The general gave them beads and they gave him prickly pairs and a grain like the <emph>gofio</emph> of the Canary Islands, in some wicker baskets very well made, and water 
in vessels resembling flasks which were like rattan inside and very thickly varnished outside. They had acorns and some very heavy skins, apparently of bears, with heavy fur, which they used for blankets." The diarist noted the trading prowess of the Indi
ans who produced, in exchange for old clothes, "skins, nets, thread, and very well-twisted ropes, these in great quantities and resembling linen."
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 481841355}Through these records we can clearly visualize these Indians in their prehistoric state as members of a stabl
e, primitive society, clean in body, healthy, skillful artisans, boatmen and fishermen of grace and skill, and also deeply religious in their own tradition. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid2440837 {\*\atrfend 481841355}
{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor SCHWEBEL, SARA}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 481841355}{\*\atndate -951345899}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\contextualspace 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid2440837 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2440837 Noble savages}}}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10310158 Where in these earliest portraits of the island Gabrielinos
 do we find the mythical "digger Indians," the lazy degenerates, the filthy and loutish folk which the later tradition set up as typical of the natives of this tribe?
\par 
\par One of the authors whose first-hand reports of the expedition of Sebastian Vizcaino affo
rded material for the later historians was Fray Antonio de la Ascension. In 1620 one of his reports was forwarded to the Viceroy of Mexico. This was accompanied by a "Memorial" by one Francisco de Arellano which read as follows: 
\par 
\par <quote source="">"A Brief
 Report in which is given the Information of the Discovery which was made in New Spain, in the South Sea, from the Port of Acapulco to a Point beyond Cape Mendocino; containing an Account of the Riches, the Temperate Climate, and the Advantages of the Rea
l
m of the Californias, and setting forth how his Majesty will be able at little cost to pacify it and incorporate it into His Royal Crown and cause the Holy Gospel to be preached in it. By Father Fray Antonio de la Ascension, a Religious of the Discalced O
rder of Carmelites, who took part in it and as Cosmographer made a map of it."</quote>
\par 
\par It is possible that Fray Ascension pictured himself in the role which the Franciscan Father Serra was to play in reality many years later, for he left not only a glowing
 description of the country but detailed suggestions for organizing the occupation. The guard, he recommended, should contain no less than 200 "good and honorable men," who must be expert and experienced seamen and soldiers as well. Two captains would be 
n
eeded, "good Christians and God-fearing men." These were to "hold themselves in strict obedience and subjection to the religious who are of their company." Without the priests' order, consel and advice war might not be made "or the heathen Indians be othe
rwise molested."
\par 
\par Another of the stipulations of Fray Ascension was that no woman should embark on the expedition, "in order to avoid offenses to God and dissensions between one another." Throughout his report he stresses that only love and affection must b
e shown the Indians. Their possessions must be respected, so that they will learn to obey the Spaniards "without opposition or repugnance" and find good reason to be grateful and to give willing assistance. He does, however, advise a watch tower and a con
tinuous sentinel. These provisions make interesting reading when compared to the actual plans for the founding of the Franciscan Missions, and to the events which took place in actuality.
\par 
\par For a century and a half after this "Memorial" was sent to the Vicer
oy the Indians could dance in their <emph>tobet</emph> feathers undisturbed. But when, at last, Spain took over this land the teeming population began at once to diminish. Diseases for which the native constitution had set up no resistance took a fearful 
t
oll. However, when the end came for these peaceful islanders Spain and her successor, Mexico, were only indirectly involved. The rich furs, which the diarist of the Vizcaino party thought might be bear robes but which were in reality the skins of sea otte
rs, drew hunters of every adventurous race of man able to reach these islands in the sailing ships of the time.
\par 
\par The islanders were no match for the fierce Aleuts who came as hunters in the crews of Russian ships, or for Kanakas brought in by American saili
ng vessels. Ruthless and violent warfare very nearly exterminated both the sea otter and the Indians. The time came when the hunting was no longer profitable, but before that the settlements in the coves and inlets had dwindled to the point where it becam
e the better part of mercy to remove the survivors to the mainland. Refugees from San Clemente were assigned to Mission San Luis Rey, which may possibly account for a report that the ancient dialect of that island had been Luise\'f1
o. Although San Gabriel is said to have been the destination of those from Santa Catalina, it is on a list compiled from the Baptismal Register of San Fernando that we find the name "<emph>Pipimas</emph>," and in parentheses following, "Islas."
\par 
\par San Nicolas suffered most cruelly. It has been said that Kodiaks, left on the island to hunt, massacred the men and appropriated their families. Some 20 survivors were rounded up and taken to San Pedro in 1835. {\*\atrfstart 481841356}
Amid the confusion of the evacuation, however, one woman, discovering that her child had been left behind, leaped from the rescue boat and swam back to shore. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid2440837 {\*\atrfend 481841356}
{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor SCHWEBEL, SARA}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 481841356}{\*\atndate -951345897}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\contextualspace 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid2440837 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2440837 Jump overboard}}}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10310158 Because of the high gales and heavy surf the boat had to leave without her. Its captain intended to return later for the woman, but after delivering his Indian charges safely to
 the mainland his craft was lost in a subsequent storm.
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 481841357}For years this "female Robinson Crusoe" was forgotten&#8212;until California passed into American hands and occasional fishermen reported seeing someone wandering over the island plateau.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid2440837 {\*\atrfend 481841357}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor SCHWEBEL, SARA}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 481841357}{\*\atndate -951345897}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\contextualspace \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs16 
\ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid2440837 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2440837 Female crusoe}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10310158  In 1850 
a search of the island failed to reveal a single human being but the party returned to Santa Barbara with the news of a resurgence among the sea otters and the black seals. New hunts, by local crews, were organized and on the third of these, in 1853, trac
es of human occupancy were discovered which led to the finding of the "lost woman of San Nicolas." She was dressed in a tunic of satiny green cormorant feathers and her first act was to prepare a meal for her guests from her small store of roasted roots.

\par 
\par T
his intrepid woman lived but a few months after her rescue. No trace of a single member of the party which had preceded her to the mainland 18 years earlier could be found, and no Indian who was brought to see her, not even a few natives of Santa Catalina
, could understand her dialect, although it seemed to be from Shoshonean stock. It has been reported that her dress and other belongings were sent to the Vatican.
\par 
\par This story of the "Lost Woman of San Nicolas," although not fictional, has become a legend an
d is told in many versions. The outline given above is based on an article printed in <emph>Scribner's Magazine</emph> in 1880. Emma Hardacre, the author, came to Santa Barbara in 1876 and knew several of the people who took part in the rescue. She made e
very effort to produce a factual report.
\par 
\par Mrs. Hardacre also met and talked to M. Leon de Cessac
, whom she described as "a gentleman engaged in collecting archeological specimens for the French Government." The activities of this French scientist account for the amazing knowledge some Europeans have of our local Channel Island culture. M. de Cessac 
also discovered in Santa Barbara, and managed to secure for France, a second original manuscript of Father Boscana's "<emph>Chinigchinich</emph>."
\par 
\par This may be the one which was translated by John Peabody Harrington, which differs in some details from the manuscript translated by the early pioneer resident, Alfred Robinson.
\par 
\par The island of San Nicolas, which for years boasted a population of one Basque sheepherder, with his dogs, sheep, and the howling wind for company, now belongs to the U.S. Navy and is occ
upied by several hundred naval and civilian personnel engaged in the work of the naval air missile testing program. The wind, the ravens, the sea elephants and sea lions are still there, as are evidences of the Indian past. Generations of collectors, some
 
genuinely scientific in spirit, others who can only be called "pot-hunters," have removed literally tons of archeological material from the Channel Islands, even from this most distant and lonely of the group, but no one can quite obliterate the accumulat
ions of centuries of the numerous and skillful fishermen and artisans who lived there.
\par 
\par Few individuals, other than the naval and civilian personnel stationed on San Nicolas and San Clemente, are enabled to view these outlying islands. Santa Catalina, on th
e contrary, is visited by a great number of tourists each year, and of these many join the guided bus tours into the interior. Circumscribed as these necessarily are, they do traverse mountain ridges, canyons and inlets, and afford lovely vistas of the se
a. These comparatively isolated regions stimulate the imagination of one bent on reconstructing the aboriginal scene.
\par 
\par Throughout these tours distressing evidences of erosion cannot be ignored. These can be explained, not only by the cycle of drought which 
afflicts the Southwest, but by the industrious grazing and rooting of the descendants of tame animals left on the island by white voyagers. The now wild goats and boars have multiplied enormously, and to their efforts have been added those of a small herd
 of bison, veterans of a movie production left behind when the rest of the cast returned to the mainland.
\par 
\par If today Santa Catalina Island were to be restored to the ownership of the Gabrielinos of old it is doubtful that they could live at their ancient hig
h standard. Certainly, the busy pigs and piglets of the wild boar population must have enormously reduced one great resource, the roots which flourished so well that the Spanish reported them as part of the native export trade with the mainland. Their los
s undoubtedly contributes to the great areas of loose, dusty soil, waiting to be washed or blown away at the first rain or gale.
\par 
\par Of these roots, those that Vizcaino's men compared to the sweet potato may have been of the wild cucumber, or Big Root, which w
as common on the islands. The Spanish called these "jicamas" or "xicamas." The Indians exported the smaller ones, but some of them grew to be quite enormous. The men of the Cermeno expedition in 1595 ate cakes prepared from these on San Martin Island, off
 
Lower California, and were made quite ill as they seemed to have purgative qualities dangerous to the unaccustomed. Another favorite food found on both the islands and the mainland was the roots, or rather corms, of the Brodiaea, that lovely spring flower
 of heavenly blue which still survives, though sparsely. The Spanish named these nut-flavored morsels "cacomites," from the Aztec "<emph>cacomitl</emph>."
\par 
\par The traveling public gains a very faint idea of the once flourishing Indian life on Santa Catalina. O
n one tour, as the bus skirts the heights above Little Harbor, "the Indian burial ground" is pointed out far below, and as the escarpment is rounded the trenches of an archeological dig made by the University of California, Los Angeles, in 1953 are viewed
. These two glimpses, interesting as they are, afford but a meagre notion of the discoveries which have been made in regard to the Indians of the island. 
\par 
\par Luckily for those who would like a more comprehensive picture of Santa Catalina as it used to be, one
 can turn to the writings of Charles Frederick Holder, zoologist and sportsman, founder of the famous Tuna Club. One of Holder's first impressions on his arrival there in 1886 concerned the rollicking antics and the ingrained impudence of the many ravens 
w
hich were constantly stealing little chickens and turkeys from the ranch of "Chicken John," in a canyon back of Avalon. The privileged status of these birds during the centuries of Indian tenancy was soon made evident to the newcomer as he entered wholehe
artedly into historical research, consulting the records of the Vizcaino party and the work of Father Boscana in order to establish a background for the fine descriptive passages he was to write.
\par 
\par Among the many unforgettable scenes Holder recorded where th
e dunes of lonely San Nicolas. They "cover and uncover the dead," he wrote. "They fill the canyons, form strange shapes which float in the air before they are carried away." He described a "mesa of pebbles which leap into the air and blow about" and "grea
t natural stair-cases leading from mesa to beach." The Basque sheepherder was firm in the belief that the spirits were angry and made the wind blow because of the "grave-robbing" which had been carried on so extensively.
\par 
\par "At the west end of the island lay 
a great kitchen-midden about ten feet high and extending over a mile," Holder wrote. It was "made up of shells of various kinds, mostly abalones, thrown here for ages. In this area are graves of countless natives who were buried in the long ago. As each m
an was buried with all his possession there is an object in grave-robbing. Scores of parties have explored here, and doubtless the region has hardly been touched on."
\par 
\par In addition to the familiar objects of stone found in typical Gabrielino sites, Holder me
ntioned seeing objects of wood, but did not describe them in detail. These would be of more than ordinary interest to the modern student, as time and the custom of cremating the dead of the inland villages has left somewhat of a gap in our knowledge of th
e
 material culture in so far as the use of wood is concerned. Holder told of one "collector" who found implements stored in "coffins" of wood. He himself saw fishing lines made of "bull kelp" still attached to the equipment, although the Spanish reported c
ord and rope "as fine as linen." He also saw, in a collection, a long stone club, "doubtless a token of office" as it was "an extraordinary weapon."
\par 
\par A custom of the island Indians was to preserve their small treasures in an abalone shells cemented together
 with asphalt. One of these was presented to the Southwest Museum by W. H. Burnham, who purchased it from a collector, and countless visitors have found it of great interest. Displayed near it is an X-ray photograph of the contents, as this prehistoric je
wel case has never been opened since it was sealed by the original owner.
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 481841358}Continuing with his description of San Nicolas Holder wrote, "I found one spot years ago which must have been a battlefield similar to the one I found at San Clemente. Skeletons were
 piled up, skulls crushed, and bones broken; while mortars too heavy to carry off were strewn about&#8212;a perfect golgotha." San Nicolas, he recalled, had been ravaged by the Russians from Alaska.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid2440837 {\*\atrfend 481841358}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor SCHWEBEL, SARA}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 481841358}{\*\atndate -951345891}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\contextualspace \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs16 
\ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid2440837 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2440837 Anti-Russian sentiment}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10310158 
\par 
\par De Cessac
, during his excavations on San Nicolas, in the period of 1877 to 1879, also found many examples of the work of Northwest Indians, ample proof of the visits of the hunters of the sea otter. This French scientist held the opinion that the culture of San Ni
c
olas was related to that of San Clemente and Santa Catalina, rather than to the islands off the coast of Santa Barbara County. He was particularly eloquent in regard to the exquisite stone work, beautifully turned mortars and pestles, and small carvings o
f
 the creatures of sea, land and air. De Cessac was fascinated, as many have been since his time, with the odd hook-shaped stone carvings which resemble conventionalized pelicans; or, as Heizer expresses it, "the scheme or embryo of the statue of a cetacea
n." These may have been fetiches. One can see the possibility of such a use in the small carvings of boats, some of them inlaid with decorations of shell, to bring home safely men who braved the sea in plank canoes.
\par 
\par Holder's account of a trip made in 1907 
across San Clemente is a classic. Of one episode he wrote, "We climbed the steep hill at Howland's and were shortly on the remarkable sand-dunes; where the first view of the ancient town sites became apparent. The long billowy white sand, a menace to the 
island, filling the ca\endash 
ons, was dotted here and there with human bones and broken skulls." On the island Holder saw an entire mesa "covered with midden and broken implements." At the base of a "lava" flow a midden lay in front of a cave. He described "lava" cliffs cut by ca
\endash ons, "gaping, uncanny caves" and gleaming heaps of abalones, most of these long ago exported to be resold here and elsewhere in the shape of pearl buttons and trinkets.
\par 
\par Of Santa Catalina Holder wrote, as late as 1909, "When a trench is d
ug in any part of Avalon today, especially along the north beach, shells, implements, and ancient human bones are often found, and the black earth crops out, telling the story of one of the most interesting ancient archeological treasure-houses in America
." He describes the work and "collections" of various men who excavated in the many village sites which existed at the Isthmus, at "every ca\endash 
on having a beach along the north coast." Specific locations were mentioned at Catalina Harbor, Little Harbor, Johns
on's Landing, Empire Landing, White's Landing and many another inlet. Signs of occupation were also found at far less accessible places, as in caves at considerable altitudes.
\par 
\par Holder found "the old quarry at Empire landing, with its myriads of chips and f
lints, just as though the workers had been driven off and forced to drop their possessions and run." Here in the chaparral were outcroppings of steatite and the clear evidences of a prehistoric stone works. It seemed that the plan of the vanished artisans
 
had been to "chip out a mortar with their rude implements until it resembled a ball the size of a man's head or larger, connected by a small stem. This sphere was knocked or broken off, and then hollowed out&#8212;doubtless by women&#8212;by a tedious pro
c
ess with stone implements . . ." The explorer saw "half-made mortars, others a third made, still fastened to the rock, almost perfect ones in the bush hard by, while the steatite ledge was covered in places with the scars of mortars which had been success
fully removed." 
\par 
\par Among the early excavators on the Channel Islands were Stephen Bowers, for the American Museum of Natural History and Paul Schumacher, who was commissioned by the United States Government and sent huge collections to the Smithsonian Instit
ution and to the Peabody Museum in the 1870s. In 1887 Dr. Holder and Dr. William Channing of Boston "trenched down through four or five layers of graves at the Isthmus." The upper layers contained European objects but nothing made of metal was found in th
e lower strata.
\par 
\par Excavations have been made by contemporary scientists, who are aided by the methods developed by modern archeology but severely handicapped by the wholesale destruction of most of the sites by "pot-hunters" of the past. Notable among the mo
re recent archeologists who have worked on the Channel Islands are Bruce Bryan, Malcolm Rogers, Arthur Woodward and Phil Orr. An article in the October, 1953, issue of <emph>American Antiquity</emph> by Clement W. Meighan and Hal Eberhart reports a reconn
aissance of San Nicolas Island made by these two writers and summarizes the work of those mentioned above.
\par 
\par At various times between 1958 and 1960 Charles Rozaire and Bruce Bryan of the Southwest Museum have worked on San Nicolas Island, and the results hav
e been published in short papers in <emph>The Masterkey</emph>, published by the museum. A richly stratified site was excavated on the southeast shore of the island which yielded numerous examples of material woven from sea grass (grass skirts, mats, etc.
)
. Several new and unknown types of selvage were included among these fragments, some of which were found at a depth of about nine feet. Two or three metates, considered by some to have been lacking in San Nicolas culture, were also found by the Southwest 
Museum.
\par 
\par In 1959, on the same island, archeologists of the University of California, Los Angeles, found a group of very interesting burials with which many tarred baskets were closely associated. This university is at present doing work at various sites on 
San Nicolas, San Clemente and Anacapa Islands.
\par 
\par An answer to the question of whether or not these islands were occupied before the coming of the Gabrielinos seems to be given in the affirmative in the recent excavation by Meighan, the one which may be view
ed by tourists on the crest of the heights above Little Harbor on Santa Catalina. Here there was evidence of an occupancy going back at least 4,000 years, which well antedates the probable arrival of the Indians of Shoshonean stock. The settlement below, 
in Little Harbor itself, had been so thoroughly gutted by pot-hunters that not much could be learned about it, although it was certainly Gabrielino and occupied in historic times as the U.C.L.A. party found trade beads at the site.
\par 
\par Meighan believed the mat
erial he found on San Nicolas to go back less than a thousand years, but Orr saw parallels there with discoveries he had made on Santa Rosa of a "Dune Dweller" culture of great antiquity. Carbon-14 tests have placed materials from Dune Dweller burials on 
t
he latter, more northern, island at about 7,000 years ago. More recently, in still older strata on Santa Rosa, Orr has found charred bones of an extinct Ice Age "dwarf" elephant that had apparently been cooked and eaten by man. These have been dated by Ca
rbon-14 as being about 29,000 years old.
\par 
\par No such sensational finds have been made in the southern group, although one cannot predict what knowledge could come from comprehensive work, backed with sufficient funds and carried on by such reputable men and in
stitutions as have done the recent surveys and excavations.
\par 
\par It is impossible to apply with any degree of certainty any of the traditional Gabrielino place names to the villages which once existed on Santa Catalina, although the island itself is listed by 
Reid as <emph>Pineug-na</emph>, by Kroeer as <emph>Pimu</emph> and <emph>Pipimar</emph>, and by J. P. Harrington as <emph>Pimu'na</emph>, with "n" indicated as nasal, a form we have been transcribing as "ngna." <emph>Limu</emph>, as found in a record of a
n early Spanish explorer, was probably an incorrect recording of <emph>Pimu</emph>. The Baptismal Register, as noted above, listed <emph>Pipimas</emph> and the few survivors of the island were known as <emph>Pipimares</emph>.
\par 
\par Holder did not use a single na
tive name in his descriptions of the village sites on Santa Catalina, but in a work of fiction for juveniles, "The Adventures of Torqua," he made use of "literary license" in applying names from Reid's list&#8212;and one less fortunately chosen from Chuma
s
h sources&#8212;to the localities which his young Indian and Spanish heroes visited. Unfortunately an early pamphlet on the subject of Santa Catalina appears to have copied two of these as factual, and thus set off a chain of repetition of these place nam
es which seem to have no other claim to authenticity.
\par 
\par Reid assigned the name <emph>Kinkipar</emph> to San Clemente Island, but Swanton calls this the name of "a village on San Clemente." As this duplicates that of a village in the San Pedro area, the meani
ng of which could perhaps be "Houses by the Sea," the application of the name to a village rather than to the island itself is confirmed by the small item of evidence.
\par 
\par An insoluble puzzle may lie in the name on Reid's list, <emph>Harasg-na</emph>, the 
only one which he gave without assigning a location. This was mentioned by J. P. Harrington's informants as being "a place near San Pedro," but also, as <emph>Xarasngna</emph>, quite clearly described as San Clemente Island. Gudde also mentions <emph>Kimk
i harasa</emph> as the Luise\endash o name for San Clemente.
\par 
\par So far this information appears to harmonize, but one cannot ignore the fact that <emph>Ghalas-at</emph>, the Chumash title for San Nicolas, as Kroeber points out, is probably the Chumash form of the Ga
brielino <emph>Harasg-na</emph>, as recorded by Reid. The similarity is made more apparent when it is remembered that the northern tribe had no sound "r" and that "l" would be the normal substitute. 
\par 
\par J. P. Harrington's notes give the origin of this name i
n the term of <emph>ijoxarin</emph>, meaning "stony," probably in the sense of "eroded," as his informants went on to explain this in the phrase, "We are living in the island of the uncovered earth." This is certainly an apt description of San Nicolas, al
though San Clemente need not be excluded as a contender for the title.
\par 
\par An Indian of Santa Catalina would have been known as a <emph>Pimuvit</emph>, these old Gabrielinos agreed, but when at last there existed but a few individuals who traced their ancestry
 to the island they were known to the folk of the Pueblo of Los Angeles, near which they existed in a tiny settlement, not as <emph>Pimuvitam</emph> but as the <emph>Pipimares</emph>. {\*\atrfstart 481841359}
They no longer seemed, to their almost equally diminished tribesmen of t
he mainland, the fierce wizards who had once fared across the rough channel waters from the mysterious stronghold of their island home. They were mild, quiet and aloof, and quite soon they disappeared entirely from the dusty streets of the Pueblo, as they
 had some years earlier from their beloved "mountains which are in sea."}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid15751624 {\*\atrfend 481841359}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor SCHWEBEL, SARA}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 481841359}
{\*\atndate -951345885}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\contextualspace \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid15751624 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15751624 Vanishing Indians}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3890895 

\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100aa5225dfc60600008b1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595d8bdb46147d2ff43f08bd3bfe92fcb1c41b6cd9ceb6d94d42eca4e4716c8fadc98e344633de8d0981923c160aa569e943037deb
43691b48a02fe9afd936a54d217fa17746b63c638fbb9b2585a5640d8b343af7ce997bafce1d4997afdc8fa87384134e58dc708b970aae83e3211b9178d2706f
f7bbb99aeb7081e211a22cc60d778eb97b65f7c30f2ea31d11e2083b601ff31dd4704321a63bf93c1fc230e297d814c7706dcc920809384d26f951828ec16f44
f3a542a1928f10895d274611b8bd311e932176fad2a5bbbb74dea1701a0b2e078634e949d7d8b050d8d1615122f89c0734718e106db830cf881df7f17de13a14
7101171a6e41fdb9f9ddcb79b4b330a2628bad66d7557f0bbb85c1e8b0a4e64c26836c52cff3bd4a33f3af00546ce23ad54ea553c9fc29001a0e61a52917dda7
dfaab7dafe02ab81d2438bef76b55d2e1a78cd7f798373d3973f03af40a97f6f03dfed06104503af4029dedfc07b5eb51478065e81527c65035f2d34db5ed5c0
2b5048497cb8812ef89572b05c6d061933ba6785d77daf5b2d2d9caf50500d5975c929c62c16db6a2d42f758d2058004522448ec88f9148fd110aa3840940c12
e2ec93490885374531e3305c2815ba8532fc973f4f1da988a01d8c346bc90b98f08d21c9c7e1c3844c45c3fd18bcba1ae4cdcb1fdfbc7cee9c3c7a71f2e89793
c78f4f1efd9c3a32acf6503cd1ad5e7fffc5df4f3f75fe7afeddeb275fd9f15cc7fffed367bffdfaa51d082b5d85e0d5d7cffe78f1ecd5379ffff9c3130bbc99
a0810eef930873e73a3e766eb10816a6426032c783e4ed2cfa2122ba45339e701423398bc57f478406fafa1c5164c1b5b019c13b09488c0d787576cf20dc0b93
9920168fd7c2c8001e30465b2cb146e19a9c4b0b737f164fec9327331d770ba123dbdc018a8dfc766653d05662731984d8a07993a258a0098eb170e4357688b1
6575770931e27a408609e36c2c9cbbc46921620d499f0c8c6a5a19ed9108f232b711847c1bb139b8e3b418b5adba8d8f4c24dc15885ac8f73135c27815cd048a
6c2efb28a27ac0f791086d247bf364a8e33a5c40a6279832a733c29cdb6c6e24b05e2de9d7405eec693fa0f3c84426821cda7cee23c674649b1d06218aa6366c
8fc4a18efd881f428922e7261336f80133ef10790e7940f1d674df21d848f7e96a701b9455a7b42a107965965872791533a37e7b733a4658490d08bfa1e71189
4f15f73559f7ff5b5907217df5ed53cbaa2eaaa0371362bda3f6d6647c1b6e5dbc03968cc8c5d7ee369ac53731dc2e9b0decbd74bf976ef77f2fdddbeee7772f
d82b8d06f9965bc574abae36eed1d67dfb9850da13738af7b9daba73e84ca32e0c4a3bf5cc8ab3e7b8690887f24e86090cdc2441cac64998f88488b017a229ec
ef8bae7432e10bd713ee4c19876dbf1ab6fa96783a8b0ed8287d5c2d16e5a3692a1e1c89d578c1cfc6e15143a4e84a75f50896b9576c27ea51794940dabe0d09
6d329344d942a2ba1c9441520fe610340b09b5b277c2a26e615193ee97a9da6001d4b2acc0d6c9810d57c3f53d30012378a242148f649ed2542fb3ab92f92e33
bd2d984605c03e625901ab4cd725d7adcb93ab4b4bed0c99364868e566925091513d8c87688417d52947cf42e36d735d5fa5d4a02743a1e683d25ad1a8d6fe8d
c579730d76ebda40635d2968ec1c37dc4ad9879219a269c31dc3633f1c4653a81d2eb7bc884ee0ddd95024e90d7f1e6599265cb4110fd3802bd149d520220227
0e2551c395cbcfd24063a5218a5bb104827061c9d541562e1a3948ba99643c1ee3a1d0d3ae8dc848a7a7a0f0a95658af2af3f383a5259b41ba7be1e8d819d059
720b4189f9d5a20ce0887078fb534ca33922f03a3313b255fdad35a685eceaef13550da5e3884e43b4e828ba98a77025e5191d7596c5403b5bac1902aa8564d1
080713d960f5a01add34eb1a2987ad5df7742319394d34573dd35015d935ed2a66ccb06c036bb13c5f93d7582d430c9aa677f854bad725b7bed4bab57d42d625
20e059fc2c5df70c0d41a3b69acca026196fcab0d4ecc5a8d93b960b3c85da599a84a6fa95a5dbb5b8653dc23a1d0c9eabf383dd7ad5c2d078b9af549156df3d
f44f136c700fc4a30d2f81675470954af8f09020d810f5d49e24950db845ee8bc5ad0147ce2c210df741c16f7a41c90f72859adfc97965af90abf9cd72aee9fb
e562c72f16daadd243682c228c8a7efacda50bafa2e87cf1e5458d6f7c7d89966fdb2e0d599467eaeb4a5e11575f5f8aa5ed5f5f1c02a2f3a052ead6cbf55625
572f37bb39afddaae5ea41a5956b57826abbdb0efc5abdfbd0758e14d86b9603afd2a9e52ac520c8799582a45fabe7aa5ea9d4f4aacd5ac76b3e5c6c6360e5a9
7c2c6201e155bc76ff010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f
7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be
9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980
ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5b
babac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e
745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72656c732f
2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f7468656d652f74
68656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100aa5225dfc60600008b1a00001600000000000000000000000000d6020000746865
6d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000d00900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cb0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax374\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Mention;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Smart Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hashtag;}}{\*\datastore 0105000002000000180000004d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e500000000000000000000000030a6
13e18fc6d201feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}