{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}
{\f38\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0502040204020203}Segoe UI;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f39\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f40\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f379\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria Math CE;}{\f380\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Math Cyr;}
{\f382\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Math Greek;}{\f383\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Math Tur;}{\f386\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Math Baltic;}{\f387\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria Math (Vietnamese);}
{\f419\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Segoe UI CE;}{\f420\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Segoe UI Cyr;}{\f422\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Segoe UI Greek;}{\f423\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Segoe UI Tur;}
{\f424\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Segoe UI (Hebrew);}{\f425\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Segoe UI (Arabic);}{\f426\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Segoe UI Baltic;}{\f427\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Segoe UI (Vietnamese);}
{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}
{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}
{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs16 \sbasedon10 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid3616005 annotation reference;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 \slink17 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid3616005 annotation text;}{\*\cs17 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20 
\sbasedon10 \slink16 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid3616005 Comment Text Char;}{\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon16 \snext16 \slink19 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid3616005 annotation subject;}{\*\cs19 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs20 
\sbasedon17 \slink18 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid3616005 Comment Subject Char;}{\s20\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af38\afs18\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f38\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext20 \slink21 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid3616005 Balloon Text;}{\*\cs21 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af38\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f38\fs18 
\sbasedon10 \slink20 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid3616005 Balloon Text Char;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid3616005\rsid4485290\rsid6639717\rsid8742002\rsid13448032\rsid15028994\rsid15675992}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0
\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\author Sara Schwebel}{\operator Sara Schwebel}{\creatim\yr2014\mo7\dy29\hr23\min31}{\revtim\yr2014\mo9\dy6\hr19\min53}{\version4}{\edmins33}{\nofpages6}{\nofwords2627}{\nofchars14976}
{\nofcharsws17568}{\vern57437}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont1\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen
\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot15675992\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit\usenormstyforlist\noindnmbrts\felnbrelev\nocxsptable\indrlsweleven\noafcnsttbl\afelev\utinl\hwelev\spltpgpar\notcvasp\notbrkcnstfrctbl\notvatxbx\krnprsnet\cachedcolbal \nouicompat \fet0
{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\nofeaturethrottle1\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15675992 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15675992 CHAPTER XXVIII
\par 
\par JUANA BETTER THAN NOTHING &#8212; THE LOST WOMAN
\par OF SAN NICOL\'c1S
\par 
\par My first visit to Santa Catalina was made, I think, in the hope of discovering a temple to the god Chinigchinich of the ancient Pimugnans, described by Torquemada, the padre of the Vizcaino expedition in 1602, but I hunted the deep ca\'f1
ons and the Vale of Avalon in vain. My first visit to San Nicol\'e1
s was inspired by reading old Captain Nidever's account of the "lost woman" who, having been deserted, lived there alone for twenty years. She died back in the fifties; but Nidever's account of her hut and her life illu
mined the wind-swept island with a gleam of romance and pathos, to me at least, and I made three trips in all to it. But the winds, the human devastators &#8212; the curio-hunters, the otter-exterminators, and others, &#8212; and mostly the flying sand, h
ad doubtless long ago wiped out the evidences of her occupation.
\par 
\par In the museum of the Vatican is exhibited, or was, a few years ago, a singular suit of pelican and gull skins about which a tale, true and affecting, has been woven. It was sent to Rome by on
e of the Mission Fathers on the Pacific Coast as being related to the attempts to Christianize the natives of that coast. {\*\atrfstart 397795261}
According to Nidever, one of the old and respected sea captains of Santa Barbara, the Mexican Government decided to remove the inhabitants of San Nicol\'e1
s Island to the mainland, doubtless to better their condition, as they were being decimated by warlike tribes from the northwest, and to give them the consolation of religion.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid3616005 
{\*\atrfend 397795261}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397795261}{\*\atndate 1193799138}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid3616005 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3616005 Indians as savage}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15675992 
\par 
\par The vessel sent 
out for them was a small schooner named the <emph>Better Than Nothing</emph>; under the command of Captain Sparks, an otter-hunter, who knew the Channel Islands well. The <emph>Better Than Nothing</emph> crew, and doubtless Mexican soldiers from the missi
on, rounded up the San Nicol\'e1
nos, and the vessel was about to sail, when a woman began to cry that she had left her child, a baby, ashore in the hurry. There were several versions of this. Some say that the skipper of the <emph>Better Than Nothing</emph> de
liberately sailed off; others that it was blowing so hard that he was obliged to put out to sea. I can well understand this, as a worse place to land a boat, or to lie, does not exist than the spit at San Nicol\'e1s.
\par 
\par The poor woman protested that she must return, but her language possibly was not understood, and as the anchor was being lifted, and she realized that her infant was to be deserted, she drew back and they left without her. {\*\atrfstart 397795262}
One story has it that she went aboard the vessel and later leaped overboard. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid3616005 {\*\atrfend 397795262}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397795262}
{\*\atndate 1193799139}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid3616005 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3616005 Jump overboard}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15675992 
Be this as it may, she was left &#8212; though she ran back, secured the child, and hurried down to the beach, crying, "<emph>Manequauna</emph>"; but they did not understand her, and sailed.
\par 
\par There is no doubt that Captain Sparks intended to return; but after the seven or eight San Nicol\'e1
nos had been landed at Santa Barbara, the schooner sailed for San Francisco and was lost. Time went by, months merged into years, and the lost woman of San Nicol\'e1s became lost in
 reality. The story became a legend. The woman at first must have been nearly crazed at being deserted. After this came a revulsion of feeling, and she must have avoided the otter-hunters who went there, an easy matter to do on an island so large as San N
icol\'e1s. Some one must have seen the woman, or her house, as some time in 1850, or thereabouts, Padre Gonzales of the Mission of Santa Barbara requested Captain Nidever to go to the island and search for the woman.
\par 
\par Captain Nidever made three trips and searched the island from end to end, but failed to find the woman. On the third trip, still urged by the good padre, he took several Santa Barbare\'f1
os, a number of Indians, and Mr. Charles Brown, or Carl Ditman, as he was also known. Some years ago Mr. D. W. Tho
mpson, of Santa Barbara, wishing to obtain the exact facts in the case, visited Brown, then a very old man, with a stenographer and took down his statement.
\par 
\par Captain Nidever was positive that the woman was eluding them; so on the third trip he started at t
he southeast end, at the spit, and arranged his men in a line, several hundred feet apart, but all in speaking distance, and at the word of command they marched slowly forward scrutinizing every foot of the island, with the result that they suddenly came 
upon the hut of the woman. The statement of Brown is as follows:
\par 
\par "I went round the head of the island and found traces of the woman; went back and told the old gentleman that the woman was alive. He said it must be some of our Indians. I said, 'Our Indians
 have got bigger tracks that that.' He said, 'Well, if you think she is alive, let us hunt for her, and take all the men ashore.' We went up to the head of the island. There was a kind of hill in the middle. I put my Indians a couple of hundred yards apar
t. {\*\atrfstart 397795263}I did not know what kind of woman she was, thought she might bite or scratch}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid3616005 {\*\atrfend 397795263}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn 
{\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397795263}{\*\atndate 1193799141}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid3616005 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15028994 Wild Child}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15675992 
. We went from one side of the island to the other, and could not see the hill, and she was sitting on the side of the hill watching 
us. When we got across to the Indians, I said, 'There's nothing here, let's go back.' There was a basket and some feathers. She catched shags and had a coat made without sleeves, nicely covered with sealskin. I said to the Indians, 'You go to the hill and
 scatter the feathers and things in the basket, and if she is alive she will find them.' The same day we found them all gathered up and put in the basket."
\par 
\par On the following morning Brown persistently continued the hunt. Toiling up the hill, when he was abo
ut half-way up he caught sight of her. She was carrying something heavy, and rested at intervals as she ascended. Presently he came in sight of "three huts made out of whale bone." {\*\atrfstart 397795264}
Perceiving that here was the woman of whom he was in search, he raised his gun with his hat on it as a signal to the Indians to join him hastily, as he did not know but she might "bite or scratch." }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid3616005 {\*\atrfend 397795264}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397795264}{\*\atndate 1193799142}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid3616005 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15028994 Wild Child}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15675992 He thus continues his narration:
\par 
\par "She had a brush fence, about two feet high, to break 
the wind, and right in front of me she sat facing me. The sun was coming in her face. She was skinning a seal before I came up to her. The dog, when he noticed me, began to growl. Thinking she might run I stepped round her, and she bowed as if she knew me
 before, and when the Indians came up they all kneeled."
\par 
\par The poor creature, when she saw beings of her own color and race, "held out some of her food" to them. She exhibit
ed no fear, and at a sign went without demur with her captors, if such they can be called, though she afterwards gave them to understand that she would not have joined them if they had not found her. Brown and his followers carried away with them all her 
primitive belongings. "I took everything she had," he says, "and she took a big sea-head [seal-head] in her basket, and that was all."
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 397795266}The Nidever-Brown party remained at the island a month, and while they could not understand the woman (nor could the Indians), they obtained a fair idea of her life alone for twenty years or more on windswept San Nicol\'e1
s. She had abundant food to eat in the abalones, fish, and all the shell fish eaten by natives. She built herself a house or home by standing whales' ribs in 
the sand, covering the top with brush. She was skilful [skillful] in weaving from grass fibre, and made baskets from it. Of course she had a selection from thousands of mortars and pestles made by her people for thousands of years, which were strewn over 
t
he sands &#8212; and in diminished numbers are occasionally to be seen to-day. There were dogs on the island, and she had their companionship. She killed seals at night by stealing up to them and striking them with stones. From them she made sinew fish-li
n
es, and from abalone shells she manufactured hooks after the fashion of her people; first forming a round piece of shell, boring a hole in it and breaking a piece out, leaving a hook. Certain roots found on the island constituted a food. She was skilful i
n catching birds; and doubtess in the long time she became hardened to the life and suspicious of the otter-hunters; hence she hid from them when they landed.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid3616005 {\*\atrfend 397795266}{\*\atnid SS
}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397795266}{\*\atndate 1193799143}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid3616005 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3616005 Signs easily interpreted}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid15675992 
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 397795998}As soon as she was captured, she adapted herself to their way of living and played about like a child. Brown says she was very tender-hearted and built a screen for a young otter so that the sun would not injure its eyes. }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid6639717 {\*\atrfend 397795998}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397795998}{\*\atndate -953600788}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid6639717 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6639717 Noble savage}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15675992 She was alarmed at the rough weather on the way across the channel and tried to
 tell the sailors to appeal to the wind gods to reduce the sea, or something of the kind. Captain Brown said she recognized all the islands and had names for them.
\par 
\par When they landed at Santa Barbara she displayed much fear at men on horseback, and when she saw cattle she fell upon her knees. They assumed that she had been born on San Nicol\'e1
s, and had never been away from the island, or even heard of the Spaniards. {\*\atrfstart 397795268}All her relatives had been taken to San Pedro, where a
ll had pined away and died years before; hence she could not speak to any one, and while the padres of the mission summoned Indians from all the adjacent missions none could be found who could understand anything she said, and the only native word uttered
 by her that is remembered was "<emph>manequauna</emph>"; what it meant no one could tell}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid3616005 {\*\atrfend 397795268}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn 
{\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397795268}{\*\atndate 1193799144}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid3616005 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3616005 Vanishing indians}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15675992 
. An old woman who had been raised on one of the islands was at last found who could guess at th meaning of some of the str
ange words used by the woman; but nearly all her requests were made by signs. She was taken to the Mission of Santa Barbara and christened Juana Maria; to this the crew of the schooner added "Better Than Nothing," and by that name she was known.
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 397795269}Captain N
idever cared for her, and she appeared perfectly happy. She had a childlike nature, and spent much of her time going around in the evenings with Mexicans from house to house, dancing. So fond of this pastime was she that she danced, according to Nidever, 
when any one went to see her. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid3616005 {\*\atrfend 397795269}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397795269}{\*\atndate 1193799145}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid3616005 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3616005 Noble savage}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15675992 
So much of a curiosity was the "Lost Woman" that Captain Nidever was offered a large sum to let her become part of a show. But the old Captain refused; he purposed that she should be happ
y the remainder of her life, and to his credit, be it said, she was. He fed and clothed her.
\par 
\par They estimated that she was about forty-five years of age when they found her. The new food she was obliged to eat at Santa Barbara did not agree with her, and in
 about six weeks she was taken sick, and died. Captain Nidever gave the padres her dresses of bird skins, her awls, wooden knife, lines, and grass bottles; the bird skin dresses were sent to the Pope with an account of her life.
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 397795270}The life of Alexander Selkirk was not so pathetic as that of this woman. Robinson Crusoe's island was rich in the bounties of nature, had trees and verdure; but twenty years on wind-swept San Nicol\'e1
s takes one into the depths of tragedy.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid4485290 {\*\atrfend 397795270}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397795270}{\*\atndate 1193799145}\ltrpar 
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid4485290 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4485290 Girl Crusoe}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15675992 
\par 
\par On the east end of San Nicol\'e1
s I found on my first visit a number of whale ribs thrust into the sand, which may have been left there by any of the collectors who visited the island since the time of Juana Maria. As I roamed along the shore, which was carved in
to extraordinary shapes by the wind, I could not divest my mind of the pathetic picture of this lone woman on San Nicol\'e1
s; and as the wind howled and hissed through the rigging at night I could understand how the lone Basque herder believed that it was the protesting voices of the dead, of men murdered by warring men from the north, of women deserted and forlorn.
\par 
\par I believe that the power in man or woman to see the beautiful in all nature is one to be cultivated, as of profound importance; as, if one has th
is perceptive faculty keenly developed, it means happiness under all conditions, the ability to adapt oneself to the varying aspects of life. I have seen men who abhorred the very sight of the California Desert, whose beauties of color, tone, and tint dee
ply impress some men. One has but to read Van Dyke's "The Desert," to see a poet and artist's appreciation of the dreariest aspects of the world.
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 397796270}I fear that I have given an erroneous impression of San Nicol\'e1s, have not done it justice; for there are many 
attractions and natural beauties in this doomed and dying island, rent by the Furies, flagellated by the pebble-burdened wind. As I lay on deck one night, part of the anchor watch of my friend's yacht, where, owing to the menaci
ng conditions, we all stood by &#8212; crew and guests &#8212; I could almost imagine I was listening to some vividly performed Wagnerian music. Over the highest mountains hovered a black genie, wings aspread, just as you have seen a hawk, conjuring the w
i
nd gods. The rivers of the sea were rushing by us, streaked with lambent flames. Every rope, halyard, and shroud hummed and moaned the melodies of despair, laughter, remorse, and death. The great seas that lashed the island on both sides met at our anchor
age and fought their duels. The long, spectral, shroud-like spit reached out into the purple sea, like
 an insinuating hand of death; yet this was the home of Juana Maria Better Than Nothing for twenty years, and during all that time she fled from and avoided the sight of man. The very terrors, the tumultuous furi
es of wave and wind and rock and hail, of inky fogs which beat about this island, the incontinent swirling spirits of the clouds &#8212; all are beautiful in the sense of Turner's Slave Ship and of the storm described by Ruskin}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 
\ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid6639717 {\*\atrfend 397796270}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397796270}{\*\atndate -953600783}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid6639717 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6639717 wonder}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15675992 .
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 397796325}
It was low tide, and almost everywhere a black lava platform seemed to reach out into the wild sea, which came piling in with its wild white-maned horses riding on the crest, to be blown away or whisked off into the air. It seemed to me that I had never s
een such high waves so near the dry land so beaten back. Brewster of San Buenaventura has made a photograph of this very spot.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid6639717 {\*\atrfend 397796325}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}
\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397796325}{\*\atndate -953600783}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid6639717 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6639717 Wonder (combine with above)}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15675992 

\par {\*\atrfstart 397796450}
\par Almost everywhere I found evidences of the people of the Lost Woman or perhaps of herself. I do not think I walked one hundred fe
et along that cave-infested and wind-gnawed shore without finding some object made by man. Here a toy of some kind, carved in stone; now again a few beads. Here some child had left a "pocket" of limpets, piled one within another, and mortars, pestles, sto
n
es, arrow-heads, flint chips, and out upon the sands of the west end tons of great red abalones &#8212; the assemblage of centuries &#8212; over two or three miles of sand-dunes in which were limpets, crabs, crayfish, shells, bones of animals, and shells 
of snails.
\par 
\par In some of the wrecked ca\'f1ons the wind and sand had worked marvels, cutting out exquisite traceries, lattices, serrations, open work; while on the sides were wonderful heads of strange beasts carved by the wind. Rising out of one of these weird ca\'f1
ons where nature had played havoc, I came upon a plain as level for several miles as a floor. In places it was covered with small red stones, over which the Lost Woman must have walked many times, facing the hard west wind. Then I turned into a deep san
dy ca\'f1
on, in which myriads of slate-colored miniature mountains rose, with here and there patches of sand grasses in gold, yellow, and red &#8212; vivid pictures against the white sand that scurried along before every vagrant breeze. Here I imagined the Lo
st Woman might have found some of her material for making baskets. As I lay in the lee in the sun, it was not an unlovely prospect, if one can see beauty in the purest sand, in gold and green and red grasses, and in skies of eternal blue, across which are
 racing the genii of the fog in streamers and banners.
\par 
\par I found a deep ca\'f1on filled with siliceous stumps, which looked like trees where the wind had blown the sand away and left the ghost of a forest with phantom stone trees. I found a battle-ground, for s
o it appeared, of scores of skeletons, where perhaps the San Nicol\'e1nos had gone down before the Russians or Inunits.
\par 
\par There was a doleful lack of verdure here. The ice plant, a few cacti, low wind-beaten buckthorn, and grasses that jangled in the wind and wrote their story on the sands. I floundered over sand-dunes, dropped down into deep ca\'f1
ons, discovered a curious natural stairway, which might have been carved by an artist, but nowhere was there any evidence of the Lost Woman's life or home, if I except the whale ribs near the point.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid6639717 {\*\atrfend 397796450}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397796450}{\*\atndate -953600780}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid6639717 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6639717 Ditto -- Wonder}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15675992 
\par 
\par All my visits to San Nicol\'e1s were made in August and September. In February or March, after torrential rains, the island in parts shows not a little verdure, enough to support a large flock of sheep. Mrs. Blanche Trask, who 
has seen all these islands through a poet's eye, has collected about one hundred species of plants here, many of which were new. She found on San Nicol\'e1
s, at its best in March, but one shrub over seven feet high, and leptosynes five or six feet. On the edg
e of some of the cliffs my feet sank into the red and glistening ice plant which threatened to send one flying down the slopes. From the summit of one I watched myriads of shags coming in from the sea, forming and reforming in a vast convention until the 
f
lock made a single black shadow of huge size on the clear water. I saw few birds beyond ravens, ospreys, eagles, shags, cormorants, snipes, and the brown pelican, all of which were extremely tame, showing the ease with which the Lost Woman obtained the sk
ins she used as protection against the wild wind of San Nicol\'e1s.
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 397795274}No one can visit this interesting island, which was an empire in its way before the arrival of Cabrillo, without being impressed with the fact that here lived a real Robinson Crusoe whose lif
e history is a part of the pathetic history of the world.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid8742002 {\*\atrfend 397795274}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397795274}{\*\atndate 1193799150}
\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 
\ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid8742002 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8742002 Girl Crusoe}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13448032 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100aa5225dfc60600008b1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595d8bdb46147d2ff43f08bd3bfe92fcb1c41b6cd9ceb6d94d42eca4e4716c8fadc98e344633de8d0981923c160aa569e943037deb
43691b48a02fe9afd936a54d217fa17746b63c638fbb9b2585a5640d8b343af7ce997bafce1d4997afdc8fa87384134e58dc708b970aae83e3211b9178d2706f
f7bbb99aeb7081e211a22cc60d778eb97b65f7c30f2ea31d11e2083b601ff31dd4704321a63bf93c1fc230e297d814c7706dcc920809384d26f951828ec16f44
f3a542a1928f10895d274611b8bd311e932176fad2a5bbbb74dea1701a0b2e078634e949d7d8b050d8d1615122f89c0734718e106db830cf881df7f17de13a14
7101171a6e41fdb9f9ddcb79b4b330a2628bad66d7557f0bbb85c1e8b0a4e64c26836c52cff3bd4a33f3af00546ce23ad54ea553c9fc29001a0e61a52917dda7
dfaab7dafe02ab81d2438bef76b55d2e1a78cd7f798373d3973f03af40a97f6f03dfed06104503af4029dedfc07b5eb51478065e81527c65035f2d34db5ed5c0
2b5048497cb8812ef89572b05c6d061933ba6785d77daf5b2d2d9caf50500d5975c929c62c16db6a2d42f758d2058004522448ec88f9148fd110aa3840940c12
e2ec93490885374531e3305c2815ba8532fc973f4f1da988a01d8c346bc90b98f08d21c9c7e1c3844c45c3fd18bcba1ae4cdcb1fdfbc7cee9c3c7a71f2e89793
c78f4f1efd9c3a32acf6503cd1ad5e7fffc5df4f3f75fe7afeddeb275fd9f15cc7fffed367bffdfaa51d082b5d85e0d5d7cffe78f1ecd5379ffff9c3130bbc99
a0810eef930873e73a3e766eb10816a6426032c783e4ed2cfa2122ba45339e701423398bc57f478406fafa1c5164c1b5b019c13b09488c0d787576cf20dc0b93
9920168fd7c2c8001e30465b2cb146e19a9c4b0b737f164fec9327331d770ba123dbdc018a8dfc766653d05662731984d8a07993a258a0098eb170e4357688b1
6575770931e27a408609e36c2c9cbbc46921620d499f0c8c6a5a19ed9108f232b711847c1bb139b8e3b418b5adba8d8f4c24dc15885ac8f73135c27815cd048a
6c2efb28a27ac0f791086d247bf364a8e33a5c40a6279832a733c29cdb6c6e24b05e2de9d7405eec693fa0f3c84426821cda7cee23c674649b1d06218aa6366c
8fc4a18efd881f428922e7261336f80133ef10790e7940f1d674df21d848f7e96a701b9455a7b42a107965965872791533a37e7b733a4658490d08bfa1e71189
4f15f73559f7ff5b5907217df5ed53cbaa2eaaa0371362bda3f6d6647c1b6e5dbc03968cc8c5d7ee369ac53731dc2e9b0decbd74bf976ef77f2fdddbeee7772f
d82b8d06f9965bc574abae36eed1d67dfb9850da13738af7b9daba73e84ca32e0c4a3bf5cc8ab3e7b8690887f24e86090cdc2441cac64998f88488b017a229ec
ef8bae7432e10bd713ee4c19876dbf1ab6fa96783a8b0ed8287d5c2d16e5a3692a1e1c89d578c1cfc6e15143a4e84a75f50896b9576c27ea51794940dabe0d09
6d329344d942a2ba1c9441520fe610340b09b5b277c2a26e615193ee97a9da6001d4b2acc0d6c9810d57c3f53d30012378a242148f649ed2542fb3ab92f92e33
bd2d984605c03e625901ab4cd725d7adcb93ab4b4bed0c99364868e566925091513d8c87688417d52947cf42e36d735d5fa5d4a02743a1e683d25ad1a8d6fe8d
c579730d76ebda40635d2968ec1c37dc4ad9879219a269c31dc3633f1c4653a81d2eb7bc884ee0ddd95024e90d7f1e6599265cb4110fd3802bd149d520220227
0e2551c395cbcfd24063a5218a5bb104827061c9d541562e1a3948ba99643c1ee3a1d0d3ae8dc848a7a7a0f0a95658af2af3f383a5259b41ba7be1e8d819d059
720b4189f9d5a20ce0887078fb534ca33922f03a3313b255fdad35a685eceaef13550da5e3884e43b4e828ba98a77025e5191d7596c5403b5bac1902aa8564d1
080713d960f5a01add34eb1a2987ad5df7742319394d34573dd35015d935ed2a66ccb06c036bb13c5f93d7582d430c9aa677f854bad725b7bed4bab57d42d625
20e059fc2c5df70c0d41a3b69acca026196fcab0d4ecc5a8d93b960b3c85da599a84a6fa95a5dbb5b8653dc23a1d0c9eabf383dd7ad5c2d078b9af549156df3d
f44f136c700fc4a30d2f81675470954af8f09020d810f5d49e24950db845ee8bc5ad0147ce2c210df741c16f7a41c90f72859adfc97965af90abf9cd72aee9fb
e562c72f16daadd243682c228c8a7efacda50bafa2e87cf1e5458d6f7c7d89966fdb2e0d599467eaeb4a5e11575f5f8aa5ed5f5f1c02a2f3a052ead6cbf55625
572f37bb39afddaae5ea41a5956b57826abbdb0efc5abdfbd0758e14d86b9603afd2a9e52ac520c8799582a45fabe7aa5ea9d4f4aacd5ac76b3e5c6c6360e5a9
7c2c6201e155bc76ff010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f
7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be
9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980
ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5b
babac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e
745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72656c732f
2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f7468656d652f74
68656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100aa5225dfc60600008b1a00001600000000000000000000000000d6020000746865
6d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000d00900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cb0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000607b
e1b02dcacf01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}