{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch31506\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f37\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Segoe UI;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f411\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f412\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f414\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f415\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f418\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f419\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}
{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Segoe UI CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Segoe UI Cyr;}{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Segoe UI Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Segoe UI Tur;}
{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Segoe UI (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Segoe UI (Arabic);}{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Segoe UI Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Segoe UI (Vietnamese);}
{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}
{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}
{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\dbch\af31506 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 \styrsid1843135 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \sqformat Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs16 \sbasedon10 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid10302684 annotation reference;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 \slink17 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid10302684 annotation text;}{\*\cs17 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20 
\sbasedon10 \slink16 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid10302684 Comment Text Char;}{\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon16 \snext16 \slink19 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid10302684 annotation subject;}{\*\cs19 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs20 
\sbasedon17 \slink18 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid10302684 Comment Subject Char;}{\s20\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs18\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f39\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext20 \slink21 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid10302684 Balloon Text;}{\*\cs21 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs18 
\sbasedon10 \slink20 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid10302684 Balloon Text Char;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1843135\rsid8074558\rsid9982018\rsid10302684\rsid13448032\rsid16010751}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0
\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\author Sara Schwebel}{\operator Rachel Manuszak}{\creatim\yr2015\mo5\dy11\hr21\min2}{\revtim\yr2015\mo5\dy11\hr21\min2}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages9}{\nofwords4114}{\nofchars23451}{\nofcharsws27510}
{\vern32775}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves1\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont1\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen
\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot9982018\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit\usenormstyforlist\noindnmbrts\felnbrelev\nocxsptable\indrlsweleven\noafcnsttbl\afelev\utinl\hwelev\spltpgpar\notcvasp\notbrkcnstfrctbl\notvatxbx\krnprsnet\cachedcolbal \nouicompat \fet0
{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\nofeaturethrottle1\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sectrsid1843135\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid9982018 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9982018 <hi rend="bold><emph>12 Scott O'Dell</emph></hi>{\*\bkmkstart _GoBack}{\*\bkmkend _GoBack}
\par 
\par Interviewed by Justin Wintle
\par 
\par Another author who turns to the past for subjects is Scott O'Dell; hut unlike Joan Aiken he deals in history realistically, as a way of exploring social equations that are 
still present in his own society on the West Coast of the United States. Many of his themes are well established in the annals of American literature. <emph>The King's Fifth</emph> is a full-blooded tale about a corrupting and divisive lust for gold among
 a band of early Spanish settlers. <emph>Sing Down The Moon</emph> tells of the suffering of an Indian tribe pushed forever westward by the European conquest. <emph>{\*\atrfstart 419141461}
Island Of The Blue Dolphins</emph>, winner of the 1961 Newberry Award and later made into a film of the same title, is about an Indian girl left alone on an island off the coast of California, an American equivalent of Robinson Crusoe.}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid10302684 {\*\atrfend 419141461}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 419141461}{\*\atndate -953586848}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid10302684 \chatn Girl Crusoe}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9982018 
\par 
\par O'Dell's preoccupations are probably best explained by his long and eventful life. Officially, he was born 
in Los Angeles just after the turn of the century; unofficially in 1899. His father was a railroad man, and the family moved around what was then the frontier land of Southern California. After leaving high school O'Dell attended the University of Wiscons
i
n, where, already determined to become a writer, he quickly became disillusioned with his academic courses. He abandoned the idea of graduation and concentrated simply on those subjects that appealed to him&#8212;psychology, philosophy, English and histor
y. This, he claims, has given him "a sense of comradeship with the students of today."
\par 
\par Having left Wisconsin, Scott O'Dell went into films, and, among other productions, worked as a second cameraman on the original version of <emph>Ben Hur</emph>. He spent
 a year with the Air Force in Texas during World War Two, and subsequently became the book editor of a Los Angeles newspaper. He wrote a number of books for adults during the fifties, and in the sixties his books for children. In 1972 he was awarded the H
ans Christian Andersen Author's Medal.
\par 
\par Scott O'Dell lives near San Diego, within striking distance of the Mexican border, with his second wife, who edits the popular journal <emph>Psychology Today</emph>.
\par 
\par Q <emph>Your recent children's books have been written for what is referred to as the Young Adult market. Why is that?</emph>
\par 
\par A For one thing, we've found that here in the States children read more advanced books than parents and educators thought they could or would. Furthermore, there's a dearth of boo
ks for young adults, because they're not nearly as profitable for publisher or author. But there's an important need, so the last two books I've done have been in this field. One has just come out, called <emph>Child of Fire</emph>. The background is the 
M
exican border just south of here. The story concerns five Chicano gangs and presents a problem that the ancestors of these boys met 400 years ago. Young Spaniards of the sixteenth-century, yearning for adventure, came to the Americas in search of gold. Th
e
ir descendants, living in modern America, have the same desire for adventure, but no place to find it except in the world of drugs and pointless warfare. The Chicano, for all his proud heritage, is a prisoner of the <emph>barrio</emph>, a second-class cit
izen. <emph>Child of Fire<?emph> deals with his problem, both realistically and symbolically and, I hope, with some understanding.
\par 
\par Q <emph>Many of your books (one is tempted to say all your books) are concerned with traditional American themes, particularl
y themes of the frontier-conquest of new lands, what it's like to be midway between having laws made for you and making them for yourself, the conflict of interests between the old tribes and the new settlers, and the sense of opportunity given to youth. 
Is this because of the life you've led?</emph>
\par 
\par A I've been asked that question before, and I've never given what I thought was an adequate answer. I've led a very full life, gone to many schools, done a lot of things, lived abroad extensively, been in a co
uple of wars. A mixed up sort of life, perhaps. I think the fact that I've written about the past has to do with this. It's not necessarily an escape (though I think there's part of that in it), or an attempt to look back at calmer times; rather l have th
e
 feeling that the present is the past and the past is the present. The fundamental human is about the same as he was a couple of thousand years ago. The basic changes have not been vast. Human needs for love, affection, understanding, a chance to succeed 
a
t something, are about the same. Although I may write about a Navajo girl (<emph>Sing Down The Moon</emph>), I feel that she is a contemporary. I just wanted to pay a tribute to the human spirit, and the fact that this spirit happened to be in an Indian g
i
rl is really incidental. I'm not interested in the Navajos particularly&#8212;they're not my favorite tribe even. They were marauders&#8212;they rode in and took the crops of other Indians, after the harvest sometimes. But there was this thing that happen
e
d at the Canyon de Chelly. Carson and the government rounded up the Indians and drove them to Fort Sumner. The important thing was the story. If the story is a good story children will read it for the suspense, and you can use suspense to do things. In <e
m
ph>Sing Down The Moon</emph> I wanted to call children's attention to the fact that there are such things as endurance, as loyalty to your family, loyalty to the place where you live. Nowadays people are dispersed, can live anywhere they want to. That's t
h
e trouble here in California&#8212;we're just a bunch of uprooted people. You don't know your neighbor and he never speaks to you. But this Navajo girl&#8212;she did want to go back to where her family had lived and have a child and live in a cave on the 
s
ide of the Canyon. Even though she knows her people were driven out, she still goes back and starts over again. I hope there's a lesson in this, an inspiration for children. It's very strong in me, this didactic, inspirational thing. I had a lot of circui
t
 writers and educators in my family, going back for 150, 200 years. While I'm not formally religious, I think this messianic thing has rubbed off on me. I want to teach and say something to people. Adults have pretty well established their lives, but you 
c
an say something to children. If you can get their attention and their affection, then there is something that can really be done with children. You can tell a story and add something that might be of interest and importance in their lives. It is messiani
c
. As I said I've had a particularly full life, which I've lived and don't want to talk about; and for the most part, with the possible exception of <emph>The Child Of Fire</emph> (which has some of my life in it) I have written about times before l was bo
rn. Perhaps leaving the present and going back furnishes sustenance of an emotional kind. But things haven't changed very much, so it doesn't matter what period you write about.
\par 
\par Q <emph>Your books are full of respect for that human quality of endurance you
 referred to; but I can't see that there would be as much opportunity for children or young people to demonstrate such a quality here in California as there was perhaps when you were young, when the State was still opening up.</emph>
\par 
\par A That's part of it. 
There are things like the SLA (Symbionese Liberation Army), but all they want to do is shoot off their guns. Like these kids who held up a bank for a million dollars just to prove they could get it. There's a need. They had nothing to do. They didn't have
 
a job and they didn't have transportation. You can't walk in California, so it's bad if you don't have transportation. But here are things to do. Not necessarily here, but if they went to Africa they could do a lot. There are millions of kids starving ove
r
 there. There are challenges all over the world, but nobody's bothered to point them out to the young. Their horizons are so narrow that they don't know anybody ever existed. They don't know that Caesar existed, or Alexander the Great, or Einstein, or any
body else. They're alone. They haven't got transportation. Maybe their old man's out of a job. They've gone hungry a couple of times, and they're all mixed up. There's this Hearst girl backing the SLA. It's so stupid, even the liberals are antagonized.

\par 
\par Q <emph>Even so, she'll probably go down as a folk-hero among some people.</emph>
\par 
\par A Oh sure, particularly if they don't analyze the escapade. For instance, that four million dollars' worth of food. It's just people cramming their stomachs for a couple of mea
ls; instead they could have set up a center where really poor people could benefit&#8212;people who are poor materially and mentally and physically. A center like that, if properly funded, might have taken care of 500 people a day with a modest meal for a
 
long time. Instead of this they bought a lot of groceries and threw them around. They were only interested in making a display and showing their guns. I've written against the gun. <emph>The Island Of The Blue Dolphins</emph> was a direct protest against 
the gun, and the killing of animals and the killing of people.
\par 
\par Q <emph>That's another book that has an Indian girl as its heroine. Why is it that you write so sympathetically about the Indians?</emph>
\par 
\par A
 I think it is accidental, in the sense that I've lived in a country of Indians. The story of an Indian girl who lives eighteen years on an island alone is a dramatic idea, so I used it as a vehicle for what I wanted to say. If she had been a girl from Io
w
a or the Mayflower I still would have done it, because of the situation. The same with the Navajo girl in <emph>Sing Down The Moon</emph>, a ready-made situation about a people who were persecuted, uprooted and driven from their homes. Again, <emph>The Bl
a
ck Pearl</emph> is based on a legend current down there below San Diego. Steinbeck also used it. Our stories are quite alike up to the time when the pearl is sold: then they diverge. I think of all this as just an accident, that I was born out here. If I'
d
 been born in the Middle West and stayed in the Middle West, I would come into contact with different legends, probably about early French voyages and so forth. In <emph>Child of Fire</emph> it's a young Spaniard. They are people I've grown up with, peopl
e
 I do know. I have Indian friends, just as I have Spanish and Mexican friends. There's quite a difference between the Spanish and the Mexicans, who are really Indians, or who have Indian blood in them. There are also a lot of different tribes in Mexico. F
o
r instance I lived a summer in Patzcuaro, where the Tarascan Indians live, about 9,000 feet above the sea. They were never conquered by any Indian tribe, not even by the Aztecs. They lived in a beautiful little city called Zinzunzan, "the place of the hum
m
ingbirds." Then Guzman, a Spaniard looking for gold, came with his five men. He talked with the King, and told him "We come for gold." The King had never seen gold. Instead he gave Guzman beautiful garments made of hummingbird feathers which he promptly t
h
rew away. Guzman was sure the King was lying, so he tied him to the tail of a horse, dragged him round the square and threw him on a bonfire. Immediately all the Tarascans, who had never been conquered before, disappeared into the high mountains, and they
'
re still there today. That's a long story. But there was a girl in Patzcuaro, one of eleven Tarascan children, and we took her on as our cook. I modeled my Indian girl on her. This illustrates the mechanism. If I had been in the Middle West it would have 
been somebody else.
\par 
\par Q <emph>Your books are all told in the first person, through the eyes of the protagonist. Is that because many of them are based on stories you've heard word of mouth?</emph>
\par 
\par A I think it's the easiest way to write, though some of my a
dult books have been written in the third person. Though l don't think you'd find any evidence of it in my present writing, I have been influenced by Conrad. I was a great admirer of his for many years. What he did was more complex than I am able to handl
e
. Sometimes he would have three narrators&#8212;the author, Marlow and Lord Jim, for example&#8212;each telling different parts of the same story as they saw it. I think writing in the first person is easier because you don't have to work so hard for susp
e
nsion of disbelief. When you read that "I did it" there's a tendency to believe what you're being told. You get an almost automatic identification which I think is so important in a story. In <emph>Child of Fire</emph> I have a device which goes back to t
h
e Marlow situation in Conrad. I use a parole officer, in charge of fifty children, who tells the story of one particular boy. It has drawbacks of course, because you can only report what you have seen. I have a situation in which the boy leaves San Diego 
a
nd goes on a tuna clipper to Ecuador, where there's a mutiny and where he's thrown in prison. ln the end he escapes and gets back to San Diego. Well, he has to tell this story; there's no other way of getting it. It's not as dramatic as it would have been
 if the parole officer had gone with him, and so had been able to tell the story himself, like an omnipotent observer. But that was obviously impossible. So there are penalties.
\par 
\par Q <emph>I understand you are now working on a novel about William Tyndale, the
 first Englishman to do a creditable version of the Bible. Although this is obviously set in the past, it doesn't seem to have much else to do with your other children's books. Are you doing this as an extension of your own messianic tendencies?</emph>

\par 
\par A 
I'm terribly interested in his story. He wanted every ploughboy to read the Bible as it came from the original Greek and Hebrew, not as it came from the Vulgate, and not as the priest read it in the pulpit. This is what Tyndale wanted to do, and this is w
h
at Tyndale did&#8212;and he did it so beautifully that when the King James version came along they used 70 to 75 per cent of Tyndale in it. Today we speak Tyndale. It's extraordinary if you compare the passages he translated from the Greek with the same p
a
ssages in the Latin. If you are really concerned with something it gets into the fabric of the story and is transmitted to the reader. That was D. H. Lawrence's feeling, and it's certainly one I share. I have only done things that I've been really enthusi
a
stic about, stories that have stirred me. With Tyndale, and with this messianic quirk of mine, I feel that I am performing a mission; it may be a little grandiloquent to can it that, yet that is my feeling. Children speak the language, but they don't know
 
where the hell it came from. They don't know whom to credit for it, and they certainly don't know Tyndale's story, how the man lived in attics and burrows and was pursued by spies all over Germany, Holland and Belgium, attempting to seize him and take him
 
back to England. His Bible was smuggled into England. It had to be, because it was against the law to own it or read it. He very calmly gave up his life for this purpose. He was a hero. Today children don't feel there are important things to do. They take
 
it out on sports&#8212;the football players and the baseball players are heroes, so that at any given time we've got 5,000 heroes. But this is a very empty thing; it's heroism delegated. Nobody enjoys sports more than I do, but I don't enjoy them for that
 
reason. I don't think they should be used as a substitute for the meaningful things in life that never occur to children brought up by fathers who are crazy about sports in houses where there aren't any books. And our divorce statistics and our crime stat
i
stics are frightening. In this county alone, San Diego, there are 23,000 parolees. In other words, sometime this afternoon you have been in contact with two or three parolees in this area. You can't miss them. And what do you do with them? I'm on a board 
o
f directors for one of these crash programs. We run a tranquillity house where we have twenty or so very young girls and boys who have drug problems. They live in this house and police themselves under certain restrictions and rules. What we're trying to 
do is put them back in the mainstream. We've been most successful when they've gotten jobs or something to do, and don't have to sit round the house all day, which is lethal.
\par 
\par Q <emph>But one can see why they get like that in an overdeveloped urban society.</emph>
\par 
\par A Young people are terribly restricted on the basis of what we consider important. The country is poisoned by money, so that anybody who doesn't get rich and make a lot of it is considered a failure. There's none of the old idea, still around in s
ome places of the world, that you do your work because you enjoy doing it. Well, the unions have taken over now. If you're a checker at a Safeway store, you get five dollars ninety-five cents an hour, and benefits, so you don't have to worry about a lot o
f
 things, the quality of your work for one thing. It's very easy of course to sit here having something quite different to do and talk in general terms. I think it's partly the way schools are run today. Think of the past, when children weren't children bu
t
 a real part of the family. If the father was a stonemason then the son was a stonemason; and if the mother worked at a loom making tapestries, then the daughter learned to make tapestries. The family was monolithic, as the Tarascans are in Mexico today. 
T
he family was very strong, and the children learned trades and were proud of them. By the age of ten or so they were adults. I think children should be given adult responsibilities as soon as possible. Of course, child labor has been abused, as it was in 
t
he Industrial Revolution. What we're doing though is extending childhood to infinity, protecting our children from what, for Christ's sake? They're much smarter than we are, much smarter than their parents, certainly in worldly ways. We need to change the
 
fabric of the family so there are books in the home and mothers and fathers reading to their children, instead of this generation gap, children wanting to get out of the house as fast as they can because of restrictions. How this is to be done I don't kno
w. It probably isn't possible. There's some element that is missing. In the Orient the father is honored, and the grandfather and the grandmother are honored. There is honor. But here in America, when you get to be over forty you might as well be dead.

\par 
\par Q <emph>In <emph>The King's Fifth<emph> it certainly suprised me that a boy of fifteen was entrusted with the post of cartographer on a large exploring vessel.</emph>
\par 
\par A It's an example of what I'm talking about. For instance, our captains and your captains who sailed to the Far East usually retired at the age of thirty.
\par 
\par Q <emph>There is real evidence that a skill like that could be acquired by the time you were fifteen in the Spanish Empire?</emph>
\par 
\par A They learned these skills when they were very young. Coro
nado was only twenty-nine when he led his great expedition. In this story I've just published, <emph>Child of Fire</emph>, the boy was inspired by Coronado. But are there any Coronados around today! There aren't, but there are still things to do. We shoul
d
n't try to make adults out of children too quickly; but we can still give them a sense of responsibility. We can give girls the knowledge that marriage won't solve all their problems, either when they're at junior high, or preferably before. They must rea
l
ize that, though it's a wonderful idea, there will be more problems, more responsibilities after than before they're married. They have to learn that in marriage you're in trouble if you expect to find in your mate all the men in the world or all the wome
n
 in the world. I don't think children are prepared for marriage at all. I think the statistics prove it, particularly here in America. California is the worst of all&#8212;something like one divorce in every two and one-half marriages. But if you tried to
 
teach sex in the schools, the parents wouldn't stand for it. So the kids educate themselves, without good examples or good sexual relationships. They just bat their heads around until hopefully they find something workable. I'm all for divorce as an escap
e from horrors, but I still think it's a frightening indication.
\par 
\par Q <emph> Have you had any children yourself?</emph>
\par 
\par A No. My wife (we're both previously divorced) has two children&#8212;a girl who's twenty-four and married twice, and a boy still at school.
\par 
\par Q <emph>One can see how this society is bad for marriage. But on the other hand one might say that marriage is bad for this society. To you, obviously, marriage is important.</emph>
\par 
\par A
 I think it's terribly important. It's an anchor. I don't think you can have much without it, except chaos. There are so many things involved. Children first of all. You can say that children would be better off herded, as Shaw suggested, and taken away f
r
om their parents. It's an interesting theory, but it doesn't work. The human psyche is a very fragile thing. Children demand, must have, love. Most children don't have it, and that's one of our troubles. Children need to feel they have a place, that they'
r
e not some object, and that they have a designated and honorable role in a family where everybody contributes. American children don't contribute. They do what they want to do, or what they can get away with. And that's what they're brought up to do. It's
 
difficult to argue with them, so parents don't argue with them. They are afraid to attack the problem because if they talk too much then the children will leave the house. The family is certainly fragmented. I would like to have it all go hack to the farm
,
 where children grew up knowing how to use a hoe and milk a cow. To live out in the country and raise a lot of the things that you use&#8212;that to me is the ideal life. It may be impossible, but it's still ideal. The last thing that ninety-nine out of a
 
hundred people want to do is get up at four in the morning and milk a cow. But it's a wonderful life because once again the family can become monolithic, one depending upon the other. In the past there have been disadvantages to this&#8212;little schoolin
g
 and a lot of isolation. But now with television it's quite different. This is what I'd like to see. How you get it in an overpopulated industrial society I don't know. Anyway people don't want it. They want what they've got now&#8212;a lot of sports and 
TV.
\par 
\par Q <emph>You're obviously a man of faith. Perhaps the most powerful moment in all your books occurs at the end of <emph>The Black Pearl</emph>, when despite the fact that the pearl has wrought such misfortune to the community, the boy still takes it bac
k to the church where it is enshrined. Where did that come from?</emph>
\par 
\par A I think it's just a logical working out of the plot. At present <emph>The Black Pearl</emph> is being made into a motion picture. I've read the script not that I have any say in it.
 What the producer does is to have the hoy sell the pearl and buy food and clothing for the town. It's the SLA idea again.
\par 
\par Q <emph>And exactly what you avoided.</emph>
\par 
\par A Yes. I said to him, Well, it's dramatic, but I don't like it because, and I'm not a 
Catholic, you're criticizing the Catholic Church. In essence this pearl could buy twenty or twenty-five thousand dollars' worth of groceries, but in my version the pearl exists and everybody can come and look at it and feel that it belongs to them. That's
 
the theory in the Catholic Church, that the Cathedral and the Virgin are yours. I've seen Indians who have come hundreds of miles to Mexico City to see the Guadalupe Virgin. These Indians come with a vision of the Virgin in their eyes and nothing else. Th
ey'd walk over you and never notice. Adoration, excitement! So the way I closed <emph>The Black Pearl</emph> seemed the logical way.
\par 
\par Q <emph>How much research goes into your books?</emph>
\par 
\par A Certainly a lot for <emph>The King's Fifth</emph>. That was an overly ambitious book when I first started it. All the cities were allegorical cities. I woke up one morning and found that I was competing with Dante. So I quit that and started over.

\par 
\par Q <emph>Are your books intended as a way through the barriers between children and their parents, the problem we have discussed?</emph>
\par 
\par A Yes&#8212;I think the written word is one of the few great resources we have. I don't think our television, with its violence and overdisplay of firearms and bosoms and everything, is helpf
ul at all. I have a dedication to the idea of trying to reach this young group that hasn't been abandoned yet, to reach them with a few simple comments about life. I get a lot of letters from children, particularly on <emph>Island of the Blue Dolphins</em
ph>. They like the idea of fighting for survival; they are challenged by it and they would like to try it themselves.
\par 
\par Q <emph>Do you have any opinions about the commune movement which has been going on for ten years or so now? It seems a variation on the idea of the return to the farm and a closer family existence.</emph>
\par 
\par A In the beginning I was critical about it because I didn't understand what they were trying to do. Then it became associated with marijuana, which, incidentally, I don't think is as bad 
as cigarettes. It has been degraded by the word "hippy" and by long hair. People don't realize of course that for thousands of years young men wore their hair long. What disappoints me about this youth revolution though, is that very little has come out o
f
 it artistically. The best is from the Beatles&#8212;they've made a contribution. But in poetry and prose and art there has been very little. They attend Woodstock by the thousands, but that's not productive. The same group with the same excitement 500 ye
ars ago would have built cathedrals beautiful to look at.
\par 
\par Q <emph>Perhaps it's a lack of independence among the gatherers at Woodstock that you find hard to take?</emph>
\par 
\par A I do think independence is a very important thing if you can combine it with the fa
mily. My father was an autocrat who couldn't care less about his children. I never had a good relationship with him, so I can't speak too much from experience about the family. But I still think we should try to restore it.
\par 
\par Q <emph>Would that help to solve the other problems in America&#8212;the racial problem, for instance?</emph>
\par 
\par A It would help. I don't think you can solve the Black problem by any one approach. It's a tremendous task and all acts of good will help.
\par 
\par Q <emph>Do you still have stories you want to write?</emph>
\par 
\par A I have a lot more&#8212;three or four at the moment. But it's difficult to get to them because when I quit smoking four years ago I found that I could no longer write at the typewriter. Now I write with a pen. It takes longer t
o get myself together, using a pen, and I work more slowly.
\par 
\par California, 1974
\par 
\par <emph>Among the many books Scott O'Dell has written are<emph>: <emph>Island of the Blue Dolphins</emph> (1960, Newberry Award Winner); <emph>The King's Fifth<emph> (1966, a Newb
erry Honor Hook); <emph>The Black Pearl</emph> (1967, also a Newberry Honor Book); <emph>The Dark Canoe</emph> (1968); <emph>Journey to Jericho</emph> (1969); <emph>Sing Down the Moon</emph> (1970); <emph>The Treasure of Top-el-Bampo</emph> (1972) and <em
ph>The Cruise of the Arctic Star</emph> (1973).}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13448032 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb6ac3301045f785fe83d0b6d8
72ba28a5d8cea249777d2cd20f18e4b12d6a8f843409c9df77ecb850ba082d74231062ce997b55ae8fe3a00e1893f354e9555e6885647de3a8abf4fbee29bbd7
2a3150038327acf409935ed7d757e5ee14302999a654e99e393c18936c8f23a4dc072479697d1c81e51a3b13c07e4087e6b628ee8cf5c4489cf1c4d075f92a0b
44d7a07a83c82f308ac7b0a0f0fbf90c2480980b58abc733615aa2d210c2e02cb04430076a7ee833dfb6ce62e3ed7e14693e8317d8cd0433bf5c60f53fea2fe7
065bd80facb647e9e25c7fc421fd2ddb526b2e9373fed4bb902e182e97b7b461e6bfad3f010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c00000
00360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4fc7060abb08
84a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b63095120f88d94fbc
52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462a1a82fe353
bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468
656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b4b0d592c9c
070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b4757e8d3f7
29e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100af2514d3ba060000581a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65
312e786d6cec59cf6fdb3614be0fd8ff20e8eefa9724db419dc296ed666bd216b5dba147daa62d369464887452a32830b4c701038675c30e2bb0db0ec3b6022d
b04bf7d764ebb075c0fe853d52b24cdaf49206390443938b457deff1e37be4f748f1eab58721b58e70c2481c35edf295926de168148f49346dda7707bd42ddb6
1847d118d138c24d7b81997d6df7c30faea21d1ee0105b601fb11dd4b403ce673bc5221b41336257e2198ee0dd244e42c4e1319916c7093a06bf212d564a25af
182212d9568442707b6b3221236c0d844b7b77e9bc4be131e24c348c68d217aeb16621b1e3c3b240b005f369621d21dab4a19f717c3cc00fb96d51c438bc68da
25f9671777af16d14e6644f9165bc5ae27ff32bbcc607c58917d26d361dea9e3b88ed7cafd4b00e59bb86eadeb75bddc9f04a0d108469a72517dbaed46bbe366
580594fe34f8eed43ad5b28657fc573738b75cf1afe12528f5ef6ce07b3d1fa2a8e12528c5bb1b78c7a9557c47c34b508af736f0b552abe3d434bc0405944487
1be892eb55fde56873c824a67b4678c3757ab54ae67c8582d990cf2ed1c5248ef8b6b916a20771d203800052c44964f1c50c4fd00866b18f281926c4da27d380
8b6ed00e46cafbb469c4369a448f161b2564c69bf6c73304eb62e5f59fd73ffef3faa575f2e4d5c9935f4e9e3e3d79f273ea48b3da43d154b57afbfd177f3fff
d4faebe5776f9f7d65c63315fffb4f9ffdf6eb9766202ca2159d375fbff8e3d58b37df7cfee70fcf0cf05682862a7c4042ccac9bf8d8ba1387303019159d391e
26ef66310810512d5ad194a108895e0cfebb3cd0d03717882203ae8df508de4b40444cc0ebf3071ae17e90cc393178bc11841af0208e693b4e8c51b821fa52c2
3c98475373e7c95cc5dd41e8c8d4b78f222dbfddf90cd493985cfa01d668dea628e2688a23cc2df12e3ec4d830bafb8468713d20a32466f1845bf789d546c418
9201196ab36965b44742c8cbc24410f2adc5e6e09ed58ea969d41d7ca4236155206a203fc0540be37534e72834b91ca090aa01df473c3091ec2f92918aeb320e
999e621a5bdd3166cc64732b81f12a49bf0102624efb015d843a32e1e4d0e4731fc5b18aecc4877e80c29909db2751a0623f6287304591753be626f841acaf10
f10c7940d1d674df23584bf7e96a7017b453a5b49a20e2cd3c31e4f23a8eb5f9db5fd009c2526a40da35c50e4974aa7ca73d5c9c708354bef9f6b981f76595ec
56428c6b666f4da8b7e1d6e5d98f9331b9fceadc41f3e8368605b159a2de8bf37b71b6fff7e2bc6d3d5fbc24af5418045a6c06d3edb6dc7c875bf7de1342699f
2f28de6772fbcda0f68c7bd028ece4b913e767b159003fc54a860e34dc3441d2c64a62fe09e1413f4033d8ba976de164ca32d75366cd62064746d96cf42df074
1e1ec4e3f4c8592e8be3652a1e0cf1557bc9cddbe1b8c053b4575b1da372f792ed541e77970484edbb90503ad349540d246acb46112479b886a01948c8915d08
8b8681455db85fa66a830550cbb3029b230bb6544ddb75c0048ce0cc84281e8b3ca5a95e665726f32233bd2d98da0c28c1778d6c06ac32dd105cb70e4f8c2e9d
6a67c8b44642996e3a09191959c35880c6389b9da2f52c34de35d78d554a357a2214592c141ab5fa7fb1386faec16e5d1b68a42a058dace3a6ed555d98322334
6bda1338bac3cf70067387894d2da253f8fe35e249bae0cfa32cb384f10e62411a70293aa91a8484e3c4a2246cda62f8791a68243544722b5740102e2db906c8
ca65230749d7938c27133ce26ada951611e9f411143ed50ae35b697e7eb0b08ce790ee7e303eb686749edc4130c5dc5a5904704c187cdf29a7d11c13f824990b
d96afead15a64c76d56f82720ea5ed88ce0294551455cc53b894f29c8e7cca63a03c656386802a21c90ae1702a0aac1a54ad9ae65523e5b0b5ea9e6e2422a788
e6aa666aaa22aaa659c5b41e9665602d96e72bf20aab6588a15caa153e95ee75c96d2cb56e6d9f90570908781e3f43d53d434150a8ad3ad3a809c69b322c343b
6bd56bc77280a7503b4b915054df5bba5d8b5b5e238cdd41e3b92a3fd8adcf5a689a2cf79532d2f2ee42bd5e88870f403c3af021774e3993a984cb8304c186a8
2ff724a96cc01279c8b3a501bfac79429af6a392db72fc8aeb174a75b75b70aa4ea950775bd542cb75abe5ae5b2e75da95c75058781096ddf4dea4071f9be822
bb3d91ed1b3728e1f27bda95511c166379435294c4e50d4ab992dda0c81b98a66dbc4ab108a8cf23afd26b541b6dafd0a8b67a05a7d3ae171abed72e743cbfd6
e9757cb7dee83db6ad2309765a55dff1baf58257f6fd82e395c438ea8d42cda9545a4ead55ef3aadc7d97e064290ea48161488b324b8fb2f000000ffff030050
4b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e
72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae9
95719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757d
a0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d00
14000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d
0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b000000000000000000000000002b0100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800
000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000140200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b
01022d0014000600080000002100af2514d3ba060000581a00001600000000000000000000000000d10200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e78
6d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000bf0900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000ba0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax267\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef1\lsdunhideuseddef1\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e352e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffffec69d9888b8b3d4c859eaf6cd158be0f000000000000000000000000d096
654e4f8cd001feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}