{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}
{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Segoe UI;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f381\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria Math CE;}{\f382\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Math Cyr;}
{\f384\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Math Greek;}{\f385\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Math Tur;}{\f388\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Math Baltic;}{\f389\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria Math (Vietnamese);}
{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Segoe UI CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Segoe UI Cyr;}{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Segoe UI Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Segoe UI Tur;}
{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Segoe UI (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Segoe UI (Arabic);}{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Segoe UI Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Segoe UI (Vietnamese);}
{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}
{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}
{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \sqformat Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs16 \sbasedon10 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid6967461 annotation reference;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 \slink17 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid6967461 annotation text;}{\*\cs17 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20 
\sbasedon10 \slink16 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid6967461 Comment Text Char;}{\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon16 \snext16 \slink19 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid6967461 annotation subject;}{\*\cs19 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs20 
\sbasedon17 \slink18 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid6967461 Comment Subject Char;}{\s20\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs18\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f39\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext20 \slink21 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid6967461 Balloon Text;}{\*\cs21 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs18 
\sbasedon10 \slink20 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid6967461 Balloon Text Char;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid466156\rsid598609\rsid4791871\rsid5508639\rsid6967461\rsid7611962\rsid10767157\rsid11227209\rsid13448032\rsid13591101\rsid13901339}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34
\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\author Sara Schwebel}{\operator Rachel Manuszak}{\creatim\yr2015\mo3\dy22\hr22\min42}{\revtim\yr2015\mo3\dy22\hr22\min42}{\version2}
{\edmins1}{\nofpages6}{\nofwords3623}{\nofchars16419}{\nofcharsws20002}{\vern32775}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves1\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont1\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen
\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot466156\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit\usenormstyforlist\noindnmbrts\felnbrelev\nocxsptable\indrlsweleven\noafcnsttbl\afelev\utinl\hwelev\spltpgpar\notcvasp\notbrkcnstfrctbl\notvatxbx\krnprsnet\cachedcolbal \nouicompat \fet0
{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\nofeaturethrottle1\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid466156 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid466156 THE WILD WOMAN OF SAN NICOLAS ISLAND.
\par 
\par BY JAMES M. GIBBONS.
\par 
\par If we could form a mental picture of San Nico
las Island as it appeared half a century ago, we should find its physical features the same as those which it presents to-day(--)a rocky, wave-beaten finger-tip of nature peeping above the surface of the Pacific nearly due southwest of Los Angeles, moss-c
a
rpeted where the brushwood has found no soil wherein to take root, and rising in the centre so as to form a hill with somewhat steep declivities. We should perceive at the base of this eminence springs of fresh water which would supply the unfortunate mar
i
ner who might have the ill-luck to be cast away on that uninviting shore. Wild dogs would be seen roaming about or stealthily creeping up to the seals that lay basking in the sun and slumbering on the craggy rocks and beach, while shags perched on peaks a
n
d slabs plume their oily feathers in the warm rays. The twittering of small birds in the brush might also form part of this mental impression. These would seem to be the only signs of animal life on the island, and our first impression would be that it wa
s
 uninhabited by human being. A closer scrutiny, however, would reveal to us on the mainland side of the hill three small brushwood huts with frameworks of the bones of the whale, and a low brush fence before them as a windbreak. In front of one of these l
o
wly huts would be seen a woman squatted on the ground engaged in weaving a water vessel, or bottle, her textile material being grass fibre, of which she had an abundance at hand, collected from the margins of springs and the moist, swampy patches which oc
c
upy the nooks and recesses of the island. Ever and anon she raises her eyes from her work, gazing wistfully seaward, and if a vessel should heave in sight she would be seen to rise excitedly, calling out "Manequauna" at the top of her voice and franticall
y waving her arms. Then, as the vessel bears away, dipping and rising with the billows, its crew unconscious of her call for rescue, she "puts her head on the ground and lies on the ground and weeps." {\*\atrfstart 414827429}
She is a very comely woman of the Indian race, though he
r features are weather-worn and her hair matted and sun-bleached. Her well-developed, muscular figure is displayed under her tightly fitting coat, which with Indian patience she has made out of the skins of shags caught by night while asleep on the crags 
by the shore. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid6967461 {\*\atrfend 414827429}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 414827429}{\*\atndate -953690633}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid6967461 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6967461 Noble savage}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid466156 The lone Indian on that little sea-girt isle is the Wild Woman of San Nicolas Island. 
\par 
\par The story of the Wild Woman of San Nicolas Island is a singular one. Outlines and summaries of it have been publish
ed from time to time, but a fu11 account has never been given, nor has any part of it been presented as related by the principal actors engaged in her rescue after she had lived in solitude for seventeen years on that lonely isle. That it can be so given 
n
ow is due to the zeal and thoughtfulness of Mr. D. W. Thompson, one of the fathers of the City of Flowers, and to him we are indebted for a decidedly curious page of history. In 1882 Mr. Thompson, accompanied by a short-hand reporter, sought out those pri
n
cipal actors(--)the venerable pioneers George Nidever and Charles Brown(--)and by elaborate questioning obtained full particulars connected with the unfortunate woman's career. From their statements we are enabled to furnish the following narrative of fac
ts.
\par 
\par George Nidever was born in Tennessee in 1802, and left home when only ten years old to follow the vocation of a hunter and trapper. The first field of his operations was Arkansas; thence he proceeded to Texas, which at that time belonged to Mexico. Ret
urning to Arkansas, he joined a company which left for the Rocky Mountains to trap beaver. At starting the party was forty-eight strong, and, ever pushing westward, thirty-six of them, among whom was Nidever, finally reached Monterey in 1834, twelve of th
e
ir number having dropped out by the way. The journey occupied several years of adventurous travel, during which time the party subsisted on buffalo, deer, and bear meat, experiencing much annoyance from Indians, who stole their skins and otherwise moleste
d them. After reaching California, Nidever settled down at Santa Barbara in 1835 and engaged in sea-otter hunting, a vocation which he pursued for thirty years, during the earlier part of which period he took part in several conflicts with Indians.
\par 
\par Charles
 Brown, whose real name is Carl Ditman, was twenty years Nidever's junior, having been born in Prussia in 1822. He followed the sea for ten or twelve years, and reached California in 1844, sailing under Captain Wilson. He also engaged in otter-hunting, an
d has remained permanently in the country ever since his arrival.
\par 
\par It is conjectured by these pioneers that all the Santa Barbara Islands were settled by Indians, who according to Brown were much molested by the tribes from the northwest. {\*\atrfstart 414827430}These warlike sava
ges would cross the channel in their canoes and hunt and shoot the poor islanders, "just for mischief." }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid13901339 {\*\atrfend 414827430}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn 
{\*\annotation{\*\atnref 414827430}{\*\atndate 120051718}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid13901339 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13901339 Indians as savage}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid466156 
Whatever may have been the reason for adopting such a measure, the Mexican government, Nidever informs us, d
ecided to remove the Indians dwelling on the island to the mainland and distribute them among the missions. It is with the removal of those on San Nicolas that our narrative is concerned. 
\par 
\par The small schooner sent by the authorities to bring off the family
, which consisted of seven or eight members, was called <i>Bettecr-than-Nothing</i> and was in command of an old sea-otter hunter named Sparks. They succeeded in getting all on board except the woman, who, though brought down to the beach, was so distract
e
d at her two children having been left behind that they let her go back and sailed away. There is some doubt whether she had one child or two, but Mr. Brown says: "I understand she made plain signs; showed two fingers for two children. She shook her breas
t
; one was nursing and the other had teeth. She sucked her fingers." Little it matters now whether she had one or two babies: the cruel fact" remains that the poor creature was abandoned to her fate by Sparks and his crew, heartless semi-savage hunters who
 
reeked little of the life of an Indian. To judge from reports handed down, it may be inferred that she returned to the beach before the schooner was at any great distance from the shore. Otherwise how could such a detail originate and become current as th
i
s narrated by Brown? "When she got there [the lower part of the island] she found the vessel going away. She called 'Manequauna!' They made signs to her that they would come back. She put her head on the ground and laid on the ground and cried; and they n
e
ver came." And again he says: "They told her they would come back to-morrow, but they never came back." So she was left to return to her desolate hut, with the wild dogs and the sea-birds' cry rising above the hoarse murmur of the surf howling by night ar
o
und her. Nidever states that after she was brought off the island by him seventeen years later she made signs that her child had been devoured by the wild dogs. Those creatures were numerous on the island at that time, but were poisoned off many years lat
e
r. The same authority informs us that it was the intention of Sparks to go back for her, but the schooner was lost soon afterward on a voyage to San Francisco, and then adds:  "All thought the woman would not live long, so they did not go back." The reade
r must form his own conclusion with regard to this sad episode.
\par 
\par It is not difficult to picture to one's self the condition and miseries of this lonely woman, separated from husband and family and dependent on herself for every necessity of life. We can see
 her day by day gazing seaward, on the wntch for the boat. The days summed up into months and months grew into years, but no schooner returned. She saw ships going by, this way and that, but nobody came for her. Her cry of "Manequauna" was unheeded, and a
s
 time lapsed she became adnpted to circumstances and her surroundings. With deft fingers she wove baskets and water-tight vessels, smearing the latter with melted asphaltum; she twisted the sinews of seals, which she caught while sleeping, into fishing li
nes; she dug up the succulent roots of plants and roasted them over fire obtained by rubbing two sticks together; and clothed herself in sea-bird skins which she sewed together with fine sinew with the aid of needles made of bone. {\*\atrfstart 414827431}
As the years passed by she became contented with her lot; time dulled her grief, and she accepted the situation with the stoical resignation of her race. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid598609 {\*\atrfend 414827431}{\*\atnid SS}
{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 414827431}{\*\atndate 120051734}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid598609 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid598609 Noble savage}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid466156 
Fish, seal flesh, and roots formed her diet; pure spring water was her only beverage. {\*\atrfstart 414827432}Onc
e she fell deadly sick, lying helpless on the ground for days before she recovered. Pioneer Brown says: "She made signs that she had been sick, lying in the dirt for days. She could not move; all alone, she was down sick and got well."}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid598609 {\*\atrfend 414827432}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 414827432}{\*\atndate 120051735}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid598609 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid598609 Signs easily interpreted}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid466156 
\par 
\par But the day arrived when the white man again interfered with the current of her life, and with fatal result. The time came at last when she was to leave her island home. It seems to have been suspected, if not confidently un
derstood, that a wild woman was living on San Nicolas Island, for Padre Gonzales, of Santa Barbara, requested Nidever to search for her. "I went over three times," he says, "before I found her." On the last expedition Nidever took over several Indians in 
a
ddition to two or three white men as crew, Pioneer Brown being also on board. Reverencing first-hand matter more than literary form, we will quote the words of the aged pioneer's dictation as be narrated the circumstances attending the finding of her: "We
 
took all ashore except the cook. We thought she would try and hide, and we scattered off, two or three hundred yards apart. She had a little house made of brush, and had a fire. Sitting by the fire with a little knife, she was working with it. She had a b
o
ne. All came up and looked at he well. She had a heap of roots. That is what she lived on; she had little sacks to carry them in. As soon as we sat down she put a lump of them to roast on the fire. Finally we got ready to go, and made signs for her to com
e
 with us. She understood the signs, for she picked up her things to take them on board. She did not appear to be seasick at all, and was contented. Next day we moved ashore and stayed there a month and killed a good many otter. She appeared to like everyt
hing we had to eat. She was very willing to come with us."
\par 
\par Brown is much more circumstantial in his account, which may be explained by the facts that, being so much younger than Nidever, his memory of the occurrence was more retentive of particulars, and t
hat he was the principal actor in the search. From his dictation we learn that Nidever had previously to this third visit to the island seen signs of the Indian woman, but had afterward failed to find the tracks. On the occasion when Brown accompanied him
,
 the weather was stormy, and it was three davs before they could effect a landing. It will be interesting to many readers of the CALIFORNIAN and only justice to the old pioneer himself to quote from his dictation some portion of the account he gives of th
e finding of the Wild Woman. {\*\atrfstart 414827433}He says:
\par 
\par "I went round the head of the island and found tracks of the woman; went back and told the old gentleman that the woman was alive. He said it must be some of our Indians. I said, 'Our Indians have got bigger tracks tha
n that.' He said, 'Well, if you think she is alive, let us hunt for her, and take all the men ashore.' We went up to the head of the island. There was a kind of hill in the middle. I put my Indians a couple of hundred yards apart. {\*\atrfstart 414827434}
I did not know what kind of woman she was, thought she might bite or scratch}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid598609 {\*\atrfend 414827434}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 414827434}
{\*\atndate 120051737}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid598609 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13591101 Wild Child}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid466156 
. We went from one side of the island to the other and could not see the hill, and she was sitting on the side of the hill watching us. When we got across to the Indian
s I said, 'There's nothing here, let's go back.' There was a basket and some feathers. She catched shags and had a coat made without sleeves, nicely covered with seal-skin. I said to the Indians, 'You go to the hill and scatter the feathers and things in 
the basket, and if she is al ive she will find them.' The same day we found them all gathered up again and put in the basket."
\par 
\par On the following morning Brown persistently continued the hunt. Toiling up the hill, when he was about half-way up, he caught sight of her. She was carrying something heavy, and rested at intervals as she ascended. Presently he came in sight of "three hut
s
 made out of whale-bone. Here he expected to find her, but peering in found that she was not there. Presently he espied "something like a crow sitting on a whale-bone," and perceiving that it was the worman he was in search of, he raised his gun with his 
hat on it as a signal to the Indians whom he hastily summoned, as he did not know if she would "bite or scratch." He thus continues his narration:
\par 
\par "She had a brush fence, about two feet high, to break the wind, and right in front of me she sat facing me. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid11227209 {\*\atrfend 414827433}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn 
{\*\annotation{\*\atnref 414827433}{\*\atndate 120051740}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid11227209 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid11227209 discovery}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid466156 
The sun was coming in her face. She was skinning a seal before I came up to her. The dog, when he noticed me, began to growl. {\*\atrfstart 414827435}Thinking she might run I stepped round her, and she bowed as if she knew me before, and when th
e Indians came up they all kneeled." The poor creature, when she saw beings of her own color and race, "held out some of her food" to them}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid11227209 {\*\atrfend 414827435}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor 
Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 414827435}{\*\atndate 120051738}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid11227209 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid11227209 Noble savage}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid466156 . 
{\*\atrfstart 414827436}She exhibited no fear, and at a sign went without demur with her captors, if such they can be called, though she afterward gave them to understand that she would not have joined them if they had not found her. }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid11227209 {\*\atrfend 414827436}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 414827436}{\*\atndate 120051738}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid11227209 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid11227209 Signs easily interpreted}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid466156 Brown and his followers carried away with them all her primitive belongi
ngs. "I took everything she had," he says, "and she took a big seal-head in her basket, and that was all. We all had something to carry." Arriving at a watering-place "she washed herself over. Her hair was all rotting away, and kind of bleached by the sun
." When they reached the vessel she kneeled and crawled to the stove which was on deck. Brown gave her some biscuit which she enjoyed, and made petticoats and skirts for her out of bed-ticking and sailors' clothes.
\par 
\par During their month's stay at the island, 
the Wild Woman was perfectly well and happy with her new friends. She camped out with them, living on the same food that they did, fetching fuel and water for herself, and returning to camp without making any attempt to escnpe. {\*\atrfstart 414827437}
In camp she would "play like
 a child," or occupy herself in making baskets, working at a dozen or more of them. She worked on one and then on the other, never finishing them. She liked potatoes, rice, and fish; she did not eat much, but' often, just like a child. Brown narrates a to
u
ching incident which marks the sympathy of this child of nature for dumb animals and her kindly disposition. She had a young sea-otter, and to prevent the sun from shining in its eyes, she rigged up a shade with sticks and hung it over the little creature
.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid11227209 {\*\atrfend 414827437}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 414827437}{\*\atndate 120051740}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid11227209 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid11227209 Noble savage}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid466156 
\par 
\par On their return to the mainland they encountered rough weather, yet the Wild Woman would not stay below, but remained on deck making signs to the men "to pray for the wind to go down." On their passage they discover
ed that she had names for all the islands, but Brown could not recollect them. "When we came to Santa Barbara beach there was nobody living there except old man Nidever. Seeing the boys coming along on horses, she thought it was awful; and when she saw th
e cattle she crawled on the sand beach on her hands and knees."
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 414827438}When the Wild Woman reached Santa Barbara all her family were dead. They had been taken to San Pedro, where they pined and died under the Indian-destroying wand of civilization; so nobody could understand her dialect. }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid4791871 {\*\atrfend 414827438}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 414827438}{\*\atndate 120051741}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid4791871 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4791871 Vanishing Indian}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13591101 ; Noble Savage}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid466156 
The priests tried hard to get her life's story from her, but her gibberis
h was unintelligible. Indians were brought to her from Ventura, Santa Barbara, and other places, but they could only understand a few words spoken by her. Nidever states that efforts were made to find some tribe that could talk with her, but without succe
ss. Finally an old woman who had been raised on one of the islands was found who could understand what she said to a limited extent; but most of her communications were made by means of signs.
\par 
\par At the Mission of Santa Barbara the Wild Woman was baptized und
er the Christian name of Juana Maria, as Brown thinks, though not feeling certain on that point. From one of the men who had sailed in the little schooner .<i>Better-than-Nothing</i> she received the name of that vessel. Wild Woman is a misnomer. Brown, w
ho before he became acquainted with her entertained a judicious apprehension as to the diversified capabilities of her teeth and finger-nails, makes this remark: "They all asked me if she was wild. She was not wild." {\*\atrfstart 414827439}
Poor harmless, childlike creature, with 
a great capacity for happiness, she enjoyed her new life, and displayed no symptoms of ferocity. Says Nidever: "She would go round to different homes and dance Indian dances. She went all over town and the Mission, always a party of twenty or thirty India
ns and Mexicans with her." Brown corroborates this testimony as to her contentment: "Happy as a lady. She would dance when any one came in." Clothes were her especial delight}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid13591101 
{\*\atrfend 414827439}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 414827439}{\*\atndate -953617023}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid13591101 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13591101 Noble Savae}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid466156 . {\*\atrfstart 414827440}The woman was a great curiosity, and Nidev
er, who had taken her into his house, was offered $1,ooo to part with her, the object of the would-be purchaser being to exhibit her. To his lasting honor he refused to make such a bargain, because "it did not look right to me to sell a person."}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid13591101 {\*\atrfend 414827440}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 414827440}{\*\atndate -953617022}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid13591101 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13591101 Wonder}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid466156 
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 414827441}But the end was drawing near. Change of diet cut short the life of the luckless Juana Maria, who would doubtless have lived many years longer had she been allowed to remain in her island home, or even if due caution had been taken 
with regard to what she ate. "If," says Brown, "they had worked it right and kept her on her food, she might have been alive yet. She was about forty-five or fifty when we found her." But she was supplied to her heart's content with green corn, melons, pu
mpkin, and squash, and after the brief enjoyment of a new, strange life to her, for a month or five weeks, she sickened and died. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid5508639 {\*\atrfend 414827441}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel
}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 414827441}{\*\atndate 120051743}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid5508639 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13591101 Vanishing Indians; Noble Savage}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid466156 
She drew her last breath under Nidever's roof, where her home had bee
n from the day when she landed on Santa Barbara beach. The priests acquired her bird-skin dress and all her curious chattels. "The dress the priests have," says Nidever. "I think they sent it to Rome. My wife let them have her needles and all her things."
 
On the same subject Brown remarks: " Nidever gave it [the dress] to the priests, and they sent it to Rome. She had needle-bone with eyes drilled in, a knife made of bone, and another of a piece of wood. She had the wooden knife when I found her, cleaning 
t
he seal-skin. She had nails pointed for catching fish with, and the rope was as nicely twisted with sinews as any rope-maker could do it. And she had bottles made of grass about the size of a gallon demi-john, and we found some dishes of wood with handles
. I gave all thesethings to Nidever."
\par 
\par Juana Maria's life on San Nicolas Island was the exceptional experience of a human being who was not, as was the case with Alexander Selkirk, left alone thousands of miles away from a coast inhabited by a civilized com
munity. She was no great distance from the mainland, where the matin and vesper bell rang morning and night at Christian missions. Otter-hunters undoubtedly visited the island during her whole residence on it, and the fact of her existence there was evide
ntly known. But not until her very nature was so changed that she had become contented with her lot and hnd ceased her cry of "Manequauna" to the passing ships, were any measures taken to remove her from her rocky isle. {\*\atrfstart 414827442}
Then they carried her off, unfortunat
e Juana Maria Better-than-Nothing! White men made her suffer. She lost her babe or babies; she lost her family; she lost the knowledge of her language; and at last, poisoned by the luxuries of a more civilized race, she lost her life.}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid7611962 {\*\atrfend 414827442}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 414827442}{\*\atndate 120051746}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid7611962 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7611962 Vanishing Indian}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13448032 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb6ac3301045f785fe83d0b6d8
72ba28a5d8cea249777d2cd20f18e4b12d6a8f843409c9df77ecb850ba082d74231062ce997b55ae8fe3a00e1893f354e9555e6885647de3a8abf4fbee29bbd7
2a3150038327acf409935ed7d757e5ee14302999a654e99e393c18936c8f23a4dc072479697d1c81e51a3b13c07e4087e6b628ee8cf5c4489cf1c4d075f92a0b
44d7a07a83c82f308ac7b0a0f0fbf90c2480980b58abc733615aa2d210c2e02cb04430076a7ee833dfb6ce62e3ed7e14693e8317d8cd0433bf5c60f53fea2fe7
065bd80facb647e9e25c7fc421fd2ddb526b2e9373fed4bb902e182e97b7b461e6bfad3f010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c00000
00360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4fc7060abb08
84a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b63095120f88d94fbc
52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462a1a82fe353
bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468
656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b4b0d592c9c
070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b4757e8d3f7
29e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100af2514d3ba060000581a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65
312e786d6cec59cf6fdb3614be0fd8ff20e8eefa9724db419dc296ed666bd216b5dba147daa62d369464887452a32830b4c701038675c30e2bb0db0ec3b6022d
b04bf7d764ebb075c0fe853d52b24cdaf49206390443938b457deff1e37be4f748f1eab58721b58e70c2481c35edf295926de168148f49346dda7707bd42ddb6
1847d118d138c24d7b81997d6df7c30faea21d1ee0105b601fb11dd4b403ce673bc5221b41336257e2198ee0dd244e42c4e1319916c7093a06bf212d564a25af
182212d9568442707b6b3221236c0d844b7b77e9bc4be131e24c348c68d217aeb16621b1e3c3b240b005f369621d21dab4a19f717c3cc00fb96d51c438bc68da
25f9671777af16d14e6644f9165bc5ae27ff32bbcc607c58917d26d361dea9e3b88ed7cafd4b00e59bb86eadeb75bddc9f04a0d108469a72517dbaed46bbe366
580594fe34f8eed43ad5b28657fc573738b75cf1afe12528f5ef6ce07b3d1fa2a8e12528c5bb1b78c7a9557c47c34b508af736f0b552abe3d434bc0405944487
1be892eb55fde56873c824a67b4678c3757ab54ae67c8582d990cf2ed1c5248ef8b6b916a20771d203800052c44964f1c50c4fd00866b18f281926c4da27d380
8b6ed00e46cafbb469c4369a448f161b2564c69bf6c73304eb62e5f59fd73ffef3faa575f2e4d5c9935f4e9e3e3d79f273ea48b3da43d154b57afbfd177f3fff
d4faebe5776f9f7d65c63315fffb4f9ffdf6eb9766202ca2159d375fbff8e3d58b37df7cfee70fcf0cf05682862a7c4042ccac9bf8d8ba1387303019159d391e
26ef66310810512d5ad194a108895e0cfebb3cd0d03717882203ae8df508de4b40444cc0ebf3071ae17e90cc393178bc11841af0208e693b4e8c51b821fa52c2
3c98475373e7c95cc5dd41e8c8d4b78f222dbfddf90cd493985cfa01d668dea628e2688a23cc2df12e3ec4d830bafb8468713d20a32466f1845bf789d546c418
9201196ab36965b44742c8cbc24410f2adc5e6e09ed58ea969d41d7ca4236155206a203fc0540be37534e72834b91ca090aa01df473c3091ec2f92918aeb320e
999e621a5bdd3166cc64732b81f12a49bf0102624efb015d843a32e1e4d0e4731fc5b18aecc4877e80c29909db2751a0623f6287304591753be626f841acaf10
f10c7940d1d674df23584bf7e96a7017b453a5b49a20e2cd3c31e4f23a8eb5f9db5fd009c2526a40da35c50e4974aa7ca73d5c9c708354bef9f6b981f76595ec
56428c6b666f4da8b7e1d6e5d98f9331b9fceadc41f3e8368605b159a2de8bf37b71b6fff7e2bc6d3d5fbc24af5418045a6c06d3edb6dc7c875bf7de1342699f
2f28de6772fbcda0f68c7bd028ece4b913e767b159003fc54a860e34dc3441d2c64a62fe09e1413f4033d8ba976de164ca32d75366cd62064746d96cf42df074
1e1ec4e3f4c8592e8be3652a1e0cf1557bc9cddbe1b8c053b4575b1da372f792ed541e77970484edbb90503ad349540d246acb46112479b886a01948c8915d08
8b8681455db85fa66a830550cbb3029b230bb6544ddb75c0048ce0cc84281e8b3ca5a95e665726f32233bd2d98da0c28c1778d6c06ac32dd105cb70e4f8c2e9d
6a67c8b44642996e3a09191959c35880c6389b9da2f52c34de35d78d554a357a2214592c141ab5fa7fb1386faec16e5d1b68a42a058dace3a6ed555d98322334
6bda1338bac3cf70067387894d2da253f8fe35e249bae0cfa32cb384f10e62411a70293aa91a8484e3c4a2246cda62f8791a68243544722b5740102e2db906c8
ca65230749d7938c27133ce26ada951611e9f411143ed50ae35b697e7eb0b08ce790ee7e303eb686749edc4130c5dc5a5904704c187cdf29a7d11c13f824990b
d96afead15a64c76d56f82720ea5ed88ce0294551455cc53b894f29c8e7cca63a03c656386802a21c90ae1702a0aac1a54ad9ae65523e5b0b5ea9e6e2422a788
e6aa666aaa22aaa659c5b41e9665602d96e72bf20aab6588a15caa153e95ee75c96d2cb56e6d9f90570908781e3f43d53d434150a8ad3ad3a809c69b322c343b
6bd56bc77280a7503b4b915054df5bba5d8b5b5e238cdd41e3b92a3fd8adcf5a689a2cf79532d2f2ee42bd5e88870f403c3af021774e3993a984cb8304c186a8
2ff724a96cc01279c8b3a501bfac79429af6a392db72fc8aeb174a75b75b70aa4ea950775bd542cb75abe5ae5b2e75da95c75058781096ddf4dea4071f9be822
bb3d91ed1b3728e1f27bda95511c166379435294c4e50d4ab992dda0c81b98a66dbc4ab108a8cf23afd26b541b6dafd0a8b67a05a7d3ae171abed72e743cbfd6
e9757cb7dee83db6ad2309765a55dff1baf58257f6fd82e395c438ea8d42cda9545a4ead55ef3aadc7d97e064290ea48161488b324b8fb2f000000ffff030050
4b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e
72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae9
95719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757d
a0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d00
14000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d
0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b000000000000000000000000002b0100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800
000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000140200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b
01022d0014000600080000002100af2514d3ba060000581a00001600000000000000000000000000d10200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e78
6d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000bf0900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000ba0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax267\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;}}{\*\datastore 0105000002000000180000004d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e352e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffffec69d9888b8b3d4c859eaf6cd158be0f000000000000000000000000b047
08f21265d001feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}