{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}
{\f38\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0502040204020203}Segoe UI;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f39\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f40\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f379\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria Math CE;}{\f380\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Math Cyr;}
{\f382\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Math Greek;}{\f383\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Math Tur;}{\f386\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Math Baltic;}{\f387\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria Math (Vietnamese);}
{\f419\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Segoe UI CE;}{\f420\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Segoe UI Cyr;}{\f422\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Segoe UI Greek;}{\f423\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Segoe UI Tur;}
{\f424\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Segoe UI (Hebrew);}{\f425\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Segoe UI (Arabic);}{\f426\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Segoe UI Baltic;}{\f427\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Segoe UI (Vietnamese);}
{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}
{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}
{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs16 \sbasedon10 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid9140007 annotation reference;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 \slink17 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid9140007 annotation text;}{\*\cs17 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20 
\sbasedon10 \slink16 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid9140007 Comment Text Char;}{\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon16 \snext16 \slink19 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid9140007 annotation subject;}{\*\cs19 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs20 
\sbasedon17 \slink18 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid9140007 Comment Subject Char;}{\s20\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af38\afs18\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f38\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext20 \slink21 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid9140007 Balloon Text;}{\*\cs21 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af38\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f38\fs18 
\sbasedon10 \slink20 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid9140007 Balloon Text Char;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1447084\rsid5848681\rsid8002775\rsid9140007\rsid10058256\rsid10376449\rsid13448032\rsid13789363\rsid15028004\rsid15156443}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0
\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\author Sara Schwebel}{\operator Sara Schwebel}{\creatim\yr2014\mo7\dy21\hr19\min53}{\revtim\yr2014\mo8\dy30\hr13\min16}{\version6}{\edmins187}
{\nofpages20}{\nofwords5024}{\nofchars28638}{\nofcharsws33595}{\vern57437}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont1\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen
\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot10058256\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit\usenormstyforlist\noindnmbrts\felnbrelev\nocxsptable\indrlsweleven\noafcnsttbl\afelev\utinl\hwelev\spltpgpar\notcvasp\notbrkcnstfrctbl\notvatxbx\krnprsnet\cachedcolbal \nouicompat \fet0
{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\nofeaturethrottle1\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid10058256 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10058256 Reminiscences
\par 
\par of <hi rend="underline">George Nidever</hi> and <hi rend="underline">Charles Brown</hi> of the Early History of Santa Barbara and the Fining [Finding] of the Woman (Indian) on San Nicholas Island.
\par 
\par Q. What is your name?
\par 
\par A. My name is George Nidever. I was born in the St<del rend="strikethrough">/</del>ate of Tennessee in 1802.
\par 
\par Q. How old were you when you left home?
\par 
\par A. I was a boy, quite small, not more than 10 years old, when I left Tennessee and went to Arkansas and Mexico.
\par 
\par Q. What did you do when you were in Arkansas and Mexico?
\par 
\par A. <del rend="striket
hrough">Folled</del>Followed hunting. Traveled about from the time I was 18 years old and have been traveling ever since. I went to Texas and came back to Arkansas. There was a company coming to the Rocky Mts. in 1830. We traveled in Arkansas, given by tr
eaty to the Cherokee Indians. I had to leave.
\par 
\par Q. What was your father's occupation?
\par 
\par A. Farmer
\par 
\par Q. That means hunter in those days?
\par 
\par A. Yes - small farmer - not like they do now.
\par 
\par Q. What started you to come to California?
\par 
\par A. It was a company coming to the Rocky Mountains for two years to trap beaver. I was a good shot and they wanted me to come out.
\par 
\par Q. What did you come out here to do?
\par 
\par A. The company were nearly all killed. Capt. Walker was coming across and they did not make much and said they were coming to California. Well I came with them.
\par 
\par Q. How many where there in the company?
\par 
\par A. Thirty-six when they came here.
\par 
\par Q. How many started? Ans. 48.
\par 
\par <del rend="strikethrough">A</del>Q. What become of the rest? Ans. Some stopped.
\par 
\par Q.Did you meet any Indians on the way? Ans. Yes.
\par 
\par Q. Did you have any trouble with them?
\par 
\par A. We were troubled all the while with them till we came to California. There was some trouble here but not with the Indians, but Indians from the north.
\par 
\par Q. Did you have any fights with them? Ans. Yes.
\par 
\par Q. Did you shoot at them? Ans. Yes, we killed 34 in one place.
\par 
\par Q. What tribe? Ans. Piutes.
\par 
\par Q. Did they kill any of your folks? Ans. No, they did not.
\par 
\par Q. You had guns and they had bows and arrows? Ans. Yes, and spades.
\par 
\par Q. What year was that when you came here?
\par 
\par A. 1834. Came into Monterey first. Struck the coast there at St. Joseph. Monterey was the capital. Struck the coast at a place called Gilroy.
\par 
\par Q. Packed, did you? Ans. Yes.
\par 
\par Q. Did you walk a good deal of the way? Ans. Yes, we had to kill our meat all the way.
\par 
\par Q. Did you live on meat all the way? Ans. Nothing but meat. Did not take any flour. 
\par 
\par Q. Was there any time when you could not find any game?
\par 
\par A. There was a time when we could not find much, but always killed something. 
\par 
\par Q. What did you kill - what kind of meat? Ans. Buffalo, elk, deer, bear.
\par 
\par Q. How long were you coming from Tennessee here?
\par 
\par A. I left about 10 years old. It [I] got here in '34  - several years on the way. Sometimes we would be stopped 2 or 3 years in a place trapping; catched (cached?) a good many beaver but lost them by the Indians.
\par 
\par Q. What did they do? Ans. Took the skins. They were worth $4.00 a lb.
\par 
\par Q. When you got here did you find any Americans?
\par 
\par A. Some Americans in 1834, about 50 or 60 in the country.
\par 
\par Q. How many Indians did you find here? Ans. More than white men.
\par 
\par Q. Ask him if he remembers anything about the old Missions. Tell us anything you remember about it.
\par 
\par A. They had cattle and horses. The priests had charge of everything; raised corn and wheat; raised enough to live on; had a good many cattle and lived on them.
\par 
\par Q. What did you do when you came here?
\par 
\par A. Hunted sea otter 20 or 30 years. It must be learned; we had no rifles like we have now, but one-barrel old fashioned rifle.
\par 
\par Q. How mahy Indians did you ever kill?
\par 
\par A. I could not tell how many. I know I killed four. There were only 36 of us; we had got
 well used to the Indians. We wanted to get them on us. Finally they followed us and finally they intended to take us. We did not know any names and that was called Mary Run, Salt Lake, and there was a trail and the trail went through a bunch of willows. 
W
e knew they intended to take us and at about 200 yards we turned off, and as soon as we turned off they came out. They l<del rend="strikethrough">k</del>ived in villages. Every village <del rend="strikethrough">g</del>has its captain. They came up. The fi
r
st party coing up we met them, 15 of us, and about 200 yards away we tied the horses altog<del rend="strikethrough">o</del>ether.  There were 15 of us and these 15 were choice shots. They came walking right up within 40 or 50 yards of us and they were kin
d
 of falling to - every fellow had his hands full of arrows - and we commenced firing all 15 shots at once. There were 34 Indians killed, the rest ran away. You were asking me how many I killed. About two days a fterward [afterward] we were out, me and the
 
captain. There were five. I got off to one side to the left and walked up to a place where we were to meet. They had not come yet. I saw two Indians coming. I thought they were after me, but they had not seen me. They ran along and kept looking back. I th
ought they had shot a man and so I thought I would kill one. I had a brother killed by them. Finally they came to a point of the hill. I shot. I killed them both. They just fell and rolled.
\par 
\par Q. Where about did you hit them?
\par 
\par A. The first was shot on the left side and killed instantly.
\par 
\par Q. {\*\atrfstart 397166852}Ask him if he did not see any friendly Indians, any he had confidence in.
\par 
\par A. No, could not trust any. There was what is called the Snake Indians, about the best, but could not trust them.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid9140007 {\*\atrfend 397166852}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn 
{\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397166852}{\*\atndate 656911755}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid9140007 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9140007 Indians as savage}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10058256 
\par 
\par Q. Ask him if he had anything to do with the Apache Indians.
\par 
\par A. Yes, coming through New Mexico. Saw some there.
\par 
\par Q. Were not they friendly? A. Not very. They would steal.
\par 
\par Q. <del rend="strikethrough">Was it there you stll</del>Was it there you settled down first?
\par 
\par A. Yes. I came to Monterey and went up to San Francisco; was at San Joaquin in a boat and come down to San Francisco. The ship California was there and was coming down to Santa Barbara and saw some Americans and told them they ought t
o come here. When I came here it was in 1835 in the city of Santa Barbara. There were 17 or 18 at first the year I came to Santa Barbara, 85.
\par 
\par Q. This womn - how came she to be left on the Island?
\par 
\par A. Sparks took them all down to the beach, She had a child back on the land and wanted to go back and finally they let her go and she did not come back and they went away and she was left there. Sparkes came and said there was a woman left on the island. 
All expected she could not live.
\par 
\par Q. Who was Sparkes and how came to to go for the Indians?
\par 
\par A. The Mexicans sent them to bring them off. The schooner got lost just afterwards. They calculated to go back. All thought that the woman would not live long, so they did not go back. The schooner went to San Francisco and got lost.
\par 
\par Q. Why did you want to bring the Indians off anyway?
\par 
\par A. They wanted them at the Mission anyhow and the Government sent to fetch them off.
\par 
\par Q. Did the Indians go to work in the Mission, these particular ones?
\par 
\par A. They sent them to work different places, those they brought off.
\par 
\par Q. How did the Indians get on there in the first place?
\par 
\par A. Born and raised there - never been on the coast.
\par 
\par Q. Did you see the Indians on there before they were taken off?
\par 
\par A. No, I never saw them.
\par 
\par Q. How came you to find this woman was left there? Did you see her tracks?
\par 
\par A. Yes, it was three times before I found her. I went over. The priests here wanted me to hunt for her.
\par 
\par A. What priest was it? A. Father Gonzales, after Sanchez.
\par 
\par Q. How long was it before you found her after you want to the Island?
\par 
\par A. I found her pretty quick. We had been all over the Island and it was 12 o' clock I suppose. It was very pretty weather. Capt. Brown was with me. Me and h<del rend="strikethrough">o</del>im walked over to the head of the Island and we saw a track where 
s
he had been to the water. We did not find her that evening. Fenally [Finally] went and brought over several Indians on board of the crew - t<del rend="strikethrough">s</del>wo or three white men the rest Indians. We took all of them ashore except the cook
.
 We thought she would try and hide and we s<del rend="strikethrough">a</del>cattered off two or three hundred yards apart. She had a little house made of brush and had a fire; sitting by the fire with a little knife; she was working with it; she had a bon
e
. All came up and looked at her well. She had a heap of roots. That is what she lived on and had little sacks to carry them in. As soon as we sat down she put a lump of them to roast on the fire. Finally we got ready to go and we made signs f<del rend="st
r
ikethrough">/</del>or her to come with us. She picked up her things to take them on board. She did not appear to be seasick at all and was conte<del rend="strikethrough">ted</del>nted. Next day we moved ashore and stayed there a month and killed a good ma
ny otter. She appeared to like everything we had to eat. When we got ready to come we made signs we were coming and she was very willing to come. She came here.
\par 
\par Q. W hat [What] did she say when she came to the beach and saw them on horseback?
\par 
\par A. She said it in her own tongue; looked up and down the coast and thought it was an island. It was a month or five weeks after she landed before she died.
\par 
\par Q. What did she have on when you found her on the Island?
\par 
\par A. Had her dress made of bird skins, out of what they <del rend="strikethrough">XXXX</del> call shag (a species of black duck). We made her clothes right off; made her petticoats right off. Gave her shirts.
\par 
\par Q. What did she make the petticoats of? A. Clothes we had.
\par 
\par Q. Men's clothes would not make good petticoats. A: No, cut them up, y<hi rend="underline">ou</hi>/see.
\par 
\par Q. Dressed her instyle [in style], did you? A. Yes, made her presentable here.
\par 
\par Q. How did she sew those bird skins together?
\par 
\par A. Got<del rend="strikethrough">n</del>the [Got the] sinews of a seal. It made quite a nice thread and she had needles of bone.
\par 
\par Q. What did she do with the dress?
\par 
\par A. The dress the priests have. I think they sent it to Rome. My wife <del rend="strikethrough">lest</del> let them have them all, her needles and all the t
hings. she [She] had a demijohn to carry her water, held a gallon or 1 1/2 gallons, made out of rushes and stopped with asphaltum. She was maing [making] another. Wal<del rend="strikethrough">l</del>ked up and down. She would walk every day. Finally I see
 she had a fire made and had small round stones heating of them, and she put them in the asphaltum and threw in these hot stones and it would run all over and make them as tight as a demijohn.
\par 
\par Q. How did she make fire? A. Out of sticks.
\par 
\par Q. No <del rend="strikethrough">maches</del>matches? A. No, she made it with a stick rubbing a stick. I have done it myself.
\par 
\par Q. Did you bring those things off that she used for water?
\par 
\par A. Yes, was fetched here. Scattered in different places, different persons getting them. {\*\atrfstart 397166853}She said her child was eaten up by wolves or wild dogs, which were on the Island.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid9140007 {\*\atrfend 397166853}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397166853}{\*\atndate 656911762}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid9140007 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9140007 Sings easily interpreted}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10058256 
\par 
\par Q. Ask him if none of the Indians here understood what she said.
\par 
\par A. No, there was none of the Indians here that understood her good; I tried to find some tribe that could talk to her and finally got some wo<del rend="strikethrough">k</del>man that could talk a little.
\par 
\par Q. Where did that old woman come from that could talk to her a little?
\par 
\par A. She was raised on San Nicholas.
\par 
\par Q. You say there was one woman who could understand her a little?
\par 
\par A. She was fetched from some of the islands.
\par 
\par Q. {\*\atrfstart 397166854}Did she tell that woman her child was eatent up by the dogs? A. No.
\par 
\par Q. How did you know?
\par 
\par A. From her signs.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid9140007 {\*\atrfend 397166854}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397166854}{\*\atndate 656911763}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid9140007 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9140007 Signs easily interpreted}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10058256 
 She thought that the dosg [dogs] had eaten it. There are a great many dogs there, wild dogs; they were poisoned off some years after.
\par 
\par Q. She used to live with you till she died?
\par 
\par A. Yes, died right here in this room.
\par 
\par Q. What seemed to be the matter with her?
\par 
\par A. Just kind of give up. Could not tell what was the matter. Indians when they are sick naturally give up, don't care if they live or not.
\par 
\par Q. How old was she? A. About 50; that's what the priests thought.
\par 
\par Q. Did you hunt any after that?
\par 
\par A. Yes, killed lots of otter there, 7<delrend="strikethrough">p</del>0 in one month.
\par 
\par Q. Have you got any Indian relics here? A. None now except this (shows).
\par 
\par Q. Where did you get it. A. It came from the islands, I don't know which island.
\par 
\par Q. Who found it?
\par 
\par A. I don't know. It is a weapon to fix in a stick. I was in the war with the Mexicans. This is a medal (shows medal). Soldiers in the Mexican war had them. I was in California here with Fremont. The Mexican war commenced in 1846. I entered in 1848.
\par 
\par Q. Where did you come from? A. A native of Pennsylvania.
\par 
\par A. What descent was he? A. German.
\par 
\par Q. Could you tell me something about otter hunting? I expect you have seen some pretty hard times shooting otter.
\par 
\par A. No.
\par 
\par Q. How do you hunt them? A. From boats.
\par 
\par Q. How many boats do you generally take? A. One time there were six.
\par 
\par Q. How many shots do you have to fire to get an otter?
\par 
\par A. It's a hard animal to kill.
\par 
\par Q. How many have you killed in your life?
\par 
\par A. I have killed 13 in one day, places wherethey [where they] were never hunted before. They they were worth $20 apiece.
\par 
\par Q. You made a pretty goo [good] day's work. A. There were three with me.
\par 
\par Q. Do they keep under water more than a seal? A. About the same as seals.
\par 
\par Q. Do otter ever come on shore on rocks?
\par 
\par A. No. I saw a wounded one once on a rock, that's all. An otter never gets wet alive; after they die they get wet.
\par 
\par Q. How do you know they get wet before you get to them?
\par 
\par Q. When they take them in the boat just as dry as on land right out of the water. I am 82 and would like to go on an exploring expedition. I killed my last otter when I was 70. When I first came here the Ame
ricans and English used to come from the northwest and go up there and fetch 12 or 13 canoes and come along the coast hare. That is what killed off the otter and run them off. They used to rob the people here. There were so many of them, could not fight t
h
em. Sparkes he got robbed. Took their skins and provisions and everything they could get hold of. Went over to the Island, and Sparkes said, what are we to do even if they come? l said I would fight first and, if too many, run. There were 13 canoes. We ha
d
 a great fight. There were 4 hunters there and 3 in our canoes and a Portuguese. We agreed not to run. Finally they came. We were off to sea running otter and as soon as they saw us they came as fast as they could; we<del rend="strikethrough">m</del>nt ve
r
y fast and just as we got ashore there was one boat 70 or 80 yards from us. One boat got ashore before the other was outside. This man that got ashore he shot. He lost the powder out of his gun and did not kill the Indian. Sparkes got ashore next. He shot
 and hit the Indian and he fell and got up again and ran ashore. I had always two or three guns. When I got ashore I shot. The foremost fell and then Sparkes and the other nan killed three.
\par 
\par Q. Where did the Indians get their ammunition?
\par 
\par A. Brig went - this was an English brig - went <del rend="strikethrough">xxx</del> after the Indians, and Americans too. They got the Indians downm [down] to hunt otter. The captain told them to kill us and take all the skins we had.
\par 
\par Q<del rend="strikethrough">L</del>. What year was that?
\par 
\par A. That was in 1836. This woman was found 18 years after, in 1853.
\par 
\par Q. Will you ask him if while she lived she seemed contented and happy?
\par 
\par A. Yes. She would go around to different houses and dance.
\par 
\par Q. D id [Did] she dance? A. Indian dance.
\par 
\par Q. Did she go around and visit neighbors?
\par 
\par A. Yes, all over townd [town] and the Mission.
\par 
\par Q. All alone? A. No. Always a party with her, 20 or 30.
\par 
\par Q. Were they Indians and Mexicans with her? A. Yes.
\par 
\par Q. She was a curiosity.
\par 
\par A. Yes. You see the people who passed in the vessels that passed here heard there was an Indian woman who had lived alone on an island 17 years and they would not believe it until they came to see her.
\par 
\par Q. How was it you did not find her the second time you were there?
\par 
\par A. Bad weather.
\par 
\par Q. Did they pay you anything for finding her?
\par 
\par A. No. They offered me $1000 for her, to take her around and exhibit.
\par 
\par Q. I thought you would have taken $1000 for her.
\par 
\par A. It did not look right to sell a person.
\par 
\par Q. How did she look? Was she good looking?
\par 
\par A. Very good looking and weighed about 100 or 130 lbs.
\par 
\par Q. How do you suppose the woman caught the shags? A. At night.
\par 
\par Q. How did she get her seal blubber?
\par 
\par A. They slept on the rocks and she caught them.
\par 
\par Q. What did she eat?
\par 
\par A. She would eat seal when she could get them. She had fishhooks made of bone and line made of the sinews of the seak back. She was skinning a piece of seal when we found her.
\par 
\par Q. Ask him if he remembers how her dress was made,[.] A. Out of the skins.
\par 
\par Q. What was it made like?
\par 
\par A. The skins were sown. I cannot hardly tell. Feathers all laid down.
\par 
\par Q. Had it arms to it? A. Yes, she ahd [had] cover round and looked quite well.
\par 
\par Q. She seemed to be glad to see you when you f0und [found] her?
\par 
\par A. She was glad to see us and was not afraid of us.
\par 
\par Q. Did you ever see any of the Indian skulls with two rows of teeth?
\par 
\par A. No, I never saw any. I believe I have heard of it. I never went much with Indians. They wanted to kill me.
\par 
\par Q. Did they steal your horses?
\par 
\par A. Yes. We were out after meat once and they got after us. There were six of us and about forty Indians.
\par 
\par <hi rend="underline">Charles Brown's Statement</hi>
\par 
\par Born in Prussia. My name is really <hi rend="underline">Carl Ditman</hi>. Ever since I left Germany I go by the name of Charles Brown. I went in an English vessel and shipped in a man's place as Charles Brown. I was born in 1822.
\par 
\par Q. You always followed the sea?
\par 
\par A. For 10 or 12 years. Then I came here and here I stick. I came here in 1844 with Capt. Wilson and have been here ever since.
\par 
\par Q. When did you commence otter hunting?
\par 
\par A. The year afterwards. Sent us dowm to the Island of Cerros, about 600 miles from here. I hunted there and built a boat of Monterey pine. The b
rig left us for she wen<del rend=strikethrough">d</del>t down to Mexico hunting. Old man Sparkes had charge of her. I built a boat and hunted, coming up to Memmosa (?). Made the most hunt there.
\par 
\par Q. How did you come to go over to San Nicholas? Did the Padre want you to go and get the Indian Woman?
\par 
\par A. Nidever settled at San Nicholas. He had a little vessel and he went on to San Nicholas before I went on there and he could not do anything with one boat. He said, I wish you would get a boat and go hunting wit
h me. I said I would build a boat. He said he had seen a sign on [of] this woman and he was there afterward and could never find the track again. W<del rend="strikethrough">h</del>hen I went there it was a stormy day and we could not go ashore for three d
a
ys. We let the anchor go. He thought it was in a bunch of kelp but it was under a rock. When the swells came I said we have got to get out of this. I said we have to wait till slack water, because the flue of your anchor is in the rock. We all hauled and 
w
hen the swell came on us all had to let go, so he said to leave it this way. So we stayed for three days and got anchored all right. Nothing broke. Then after we weant [went] ashore the Old Man got the spyglass to see for otter. We got on the head of the 
I
sland. The Old Man got tired. I went around the head of the Island and found tracks of the woman, so I went back and told the old gentleman the woman was alive. He said how do you know? I said I have found her track. He said it must be some of our Indians
.
 I said our Indians have got bigger tracks than <del rend="strikethrough">s</del>that. And he said, well if you think she is alive let us hunt for her and take all the man ashore. We went up to the head of the Island. There was a kind of hill in the middl
e. I put my Indians 200 yards apart{\*\atrfstart 397166855}. I did not know what kind of a woman she was. I thought she might bite or scratch, and went from one side of the Island to the other and we could not see the hill.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 
\ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid1447084 {\*\atrfend 397166855}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397166855}{\*\atndate 656911770}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid1447084 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15156443 Wild Child}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10058256  She was sitti
ng on the side of the hill eatching [watching] us, and when we got across to the Indians I said there is nothing here and I said go back. There was a basket and some feathers. She ca<del rend="strikethrough">r</del>tched the shag and had a coat made like 
a
 coat without sleeves - had it nicely covered with sealskin. I said to the Indians you go to the hill and scatter the feathers and things in the basket and if she is alive she will find them. And we found them all gathered up again the same day and put in
 the basket. I went around another way. The Indians found it all picked up. We took a good many things to the camp before and when I came back I see the tracks again and I said now I am going to have you sure. I am going to track you.
\par 
\par <del rend="strikethrough">We went up to the head of the Island. There was a kind of hill in the middle I put my</del>
\par 
\par In San Nicholas there is moss growing over just like this carpet. I got half way up and then I see her. She had something to carry and made small stages and s
he rested. When I went up a little higher I see three huts made out of whalebone. I thought to myself she is in there. I peeped in and there was no signs there. I thought to myself where in the world can she be? I stayed on the highest part and saw the In
d
ians going where I told them. I looked and I looked and saw something like a crow sitting on a whalebone. I said to <del rend="strikethrough">M</del>myself what is that? So when I came to find out it was her I took my gun and stuck my hat on and held <del
 rend="strikethrough">o</del>it up to make signs to the Indians. I did not know if she would bite or scratch. I motioned the Indians to come along.
\par 
\par She had a brush fence about two feet high to break the wind and right in front she sat facing me,[.] The [the] sun was coming her in <del rend="strikethrough">n</del>her face [coming in her face]. She was skinning a seal before I came up to her. The dog w
hen he noticed me he began to growl. I thought if she <del rend="strikethrough">knew me</del> should run. I stepped right around her and she bowed as if she knew me before and when the Indians came up they all kneeled down. When s
he saw there were some of her color she held out some of her food like an onion. She got out some of them and offered them all some and offered me some too; but I did not eat.
\par 
\par Old man Nidever was itting [sitting] on 
the point. He would not go any further and we had a good deal of trouble for him to come. At last he came. He made a motion sign and she was kind of scared. So Old Man Nidever said to the Indians, in case she would not come could not we take her by force.
 
I said no, she is not afraid. So I took her by the shoulder and said <hi rend="underling">Varmoose</hi> and she understood at once. I took everything she had and she took a big seal head in basket and that was all. We all had something to carry. Then she 
w
ith a <del rend="strikethrough">[.]</del> ,little [little] brand of fire and she took that away and wobbled along with a strange kind of steplike, until we came to a place in the beach where there was water. We all had a drink there and we told her to go 
r
ight along. Then we came to another watering place about 50 feet down the bank and they all went down there and she went too. She sat down there and we watched to see what she would do. She washed herself all over. He hair was all rotted away and kind of 
bleac<del rend="strikethrough">\\</del>hed by the sun. We got to the vessel and she kneeled down. We had a stove on deck and she crawled to the stove. We gave her a piece of biscuit and she ate like a good fellow.
\par 
\par It came on to blow. Old Man Nidever had som
e bedticking and made her a dree [dress] and gave her a man's shirt. She had nothing but a coat on, made of birdksins, got no sleeves, sewn with the sinews of animals she found on the beach. Anyway we took her on board and we lay there for three days, and
 while we were laying there I made her a skirt out of bedticking. She was ticled [tickled] to death. There was a lot ofwild [of wild] dogs there.
\par 
\par Q. We want to know how it was she was left there and how came there.
\par 
\par A. Early times I suppose all the islands were settled with Indians. {\*\atrfstart 397166858}Northwest Indians used to come to hunt and shoot the Indians just for mischief.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid15028004 
{\*\atrfend 397166858}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397166858}{\*\atndate 656911775}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid15028004 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15028004 Indians as savage}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10058256 
\par 
\par Q. How did she come to be left there?
\par 
\par A. I only know from what I have heard from Old Man Nidever; built a vessel called "Better than Nothing." They catched this family there on San Nicholas and took them all away except her, and when she came back to camp she found everybody gone. 
{\*\atrfstart 397167400}She had two children. She shook her breast meaning one nursing and one with 
teeth. She found they were all gone and she commenced to halloo and hunted around and saw the tracks and saw they went to the lower part of the Is<del rend="strikethrough">n</del>land. When she got there she found the vessels going away and she called "Ma
nyanna," but it never came and they took the two children, all except her}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid15156443 {\*\atrfend 397167400}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397167400}
{\*\atndate -953617593}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid15156443 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15156443 Signs easily interpreted}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10058256 . 
They made signs for her to come back. She put her head on the ground and cried and they never came. She 
talked some words, "Kanake" - some kind of Indian - mixed it all up. The priest here had all the Indians in Santa Barbara and Santa Inez to see if they understood her. They could understand some words but not all. She got baptized and they made her a Chri
s
tian and everything. A steamer came up from below. The captain offered to take her up and show her, but Old Man Nidever would not agree to anything. She died. They gave her green corn and melon and that set her over. Shen [When] she was over at the Island
 a month she camped out with them and lived on what they did and she was perfectly well. {\*\atrfstart 397167479}
She would go off and get wood and water for herself and come back again and sit in camp and play like a child. There was a little otter (see Note) and she lodged a stick and hung it over for the sun not to shine in her eyes}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 
\ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid5848681 {\*\atrfend 397167479}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397167479}{\*\atndate -953617591}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid5848681 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5848681 Noble Savage}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10058256 . She made baskets of the grass that grows on the Island. {\*\atrfstart 397167494}
She had leaves for baskets, dozen or so never finished, worked on one and then the other, never finishing them. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid5848681 {\*\atrfend 397167494}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn 
{\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397167494}{\*\atndate -953617591}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid5848681 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5848681 Lazy Indian}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10058256 
That is the way she passed her time away. Her teeth. She had solid teeth but they were worn away to the gwns eating that tough stuff. When I brought her to the camp I took the skin of the otter and threw the carcass to the water and she saw it. She
 made signs it was to eat and she held it up. She liked potatoes, rice, fish. {\*\atrfstart 397166862}She did not <del rend="strikethrough">seek</del> eat much, but often, just like a child. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid15028004 
{\*\atrfend 397166862}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397166862}{\*\atndate 656911779}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid15028004 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15028004 Noble savage}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10058256 She would take a bone and suck it.
\par 
\par When we left the Island it was pretty rough and we made her go below in the cabin and old man Nidever said we better turn back. She would not stay there but made a sign to pray for the wind to go dovm. She had named all the islands. I don't recollect the 
n
ames. She had names for all of them. When we came to Santa Barbara beach there was nobody living there except old man Nidever. Seeing the boys coming along on horses she thought it was awful and when she saw the cattle crawled on the sand beach on her han
ds and knees.
\par 
\par Q. Tell me about the ship that went and fetched the rest of the Indians.
\par 
\par A. Party of hunters, I believe; a little vessel. They landed at Santa Barbara.
\par 
\par Q. How did they know the Indians were there?
\par 
\par A. Went around the islands, probably found the Indians there and took them right off.
\par 
\par Q. How do you suppose they went? A. I suppose of their own free will.
\par 
\par A. Do you know what became of the Indians? A. They all died out.
\par 
\par Q. Where were they carried to? A. San Pedro. They say the men were strong Indians.
\par 
\par Q. How many were there?
\par 
\par A. I think seven. They were taken off before I came here. {\*\atrfstart 397166863}It was only the woman I catched and helped to take off. She was not wild. They all ask me if she was wild. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid10376449 
{\*\atrfend 397166863}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397166863}{\*\atndate 656911781}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid10376449 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5848681 Wild Child}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10058256 Her hair was kind of rotten, bleached kind of red. {\*\atrfstart 397166864}
She had been there 17 years all a lone [alone] and she made signs she had been sick, living in the dirt for days. She could not move, all alone. She was down sick, could not move, and got well.
\par 
\par Q. How did you get the story of her child?
\par 
\par A. The story they told she went back to get the child. They did not know anything about it. I understand she made signs so plain - she showed two fingers for two children and she shook her breast; 
one was sucking and the other had teeth. She sucked her fingers.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid10376449 {\*\atrfend 397166864}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397166864}{\*\atndate 656911782}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid10376449 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10376449 Signs easily interpreted}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10058256 
\par Q. How did <del rend="strikethrough">you</del>she make you understand that they took off the children?
\par 
\par A. They told come back tomorrow, "manyanna" - made plain signs - never came back. She could see us the day before when we were on the head of the island and showed fingers. She wuld not come down until we had stumbled right over her.
\par 
\par Q. Then she did not want to go off. A. S he [She] did not want to come.
\par 
\par Q. If she had felt a strong desire she would have come.
\par 
\par A. That is the Indian way.
\par 
\par Q. Did it occur to her to go to them, to want to see what happened? She might have seen you. A. Yes, before.
\par 
\par Q. Probably seen hunters before.
\par 
\par A. They all told she had been dead for years. They knew there was a woman left there. Nobody hunted for her and when Old Man Nidever saw the tracks thought she was dead until I found the tracks again, and then we hunted for her.
\par 
\par Q. What became of the dress?
\par 
\par A. Mr. Nidever gave it to the priests and they sent it to Rome. She had bone needles with eyes drilled in and she had a  kn<del rend="strikethrough">o</del>ife made with bone and another with a piece of wood, that she had when I catched her cleaning th
e sealskin. She had nails pointed for catching fish with. She had the rope nicely twisted with sinews and had it twisted as true as any ropemake could make, and she had bottles made of grass about the size of a gallon demijohn. We found some dishes of woo
d with handles.
\par 
\par Q. What became of all these things?
\par 
\par A. I gave them to Nidever. If we had taken care of the woman and shown her we could have made a hatful [hat full] of money. Captain of the steamer gave news that we had caught a wild woman.
\par 
\par Q. Was she baptized here? A. Yes, at the Mission.
\par 
\par Q. Do you know the name they gave her. A. Maria, something.
\par 
\par Q. They could not find out what her Indian nam  was?
\par 
\par A. No. Juana Maria I think she was named. The priests tried hard to find her life story, but she broke
 off into gibberish nobody could understand. Had Indians from Santa Barbara, Ventura, Santa Inez - they could not understand. Understood some words but not right through.
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 397167594}Q. Did she seem quite happy?
\par 
\par A. Happy as a lady. Shw [She]was dancing when anybody came. Then she <del rend="strikethrough">s</del>lift up her dress and made signs that I made her dress. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid5848681 {\*\atrfend 397167594}{\*\atnid SS
}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397167594}{\*\atndate -953617589}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid5848681 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5848681 Signs easily interpreted}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid10058256 While I was making her dress she tried to sew too. I had to thread her needle. She took this hand and put it through and handed it through like a shoema
ker. She was content enough, if they had kept her from green corn, pumpkins and squash. Old Man Nidever told me he thought she would die the day before. She thought she was going to die. Nidever thought she would die that night when she came from the Isla
n
d. I took baskets that was hanging. She got up from her bed the night before she went away and took a basket from the sycamore tree and threw the feathers out. One of the new baskets she gave to me. She lived two days after we left (Nidever and myself for
 San Francisco).
\par 
\par Q. I don't see what objection there could have been to take and show her.
\par 
\par A. Made 
money for her. People gave her money here. She did not know what money was. Clothes tickled her. She was only used to birdskin coats. I suppose it was often cold weather and she put the feathers next toher [to her] skin. On the mainland, if they had worke
d it right and kept her on her food she might have been alive yet. She was about 45 or 50 when we found her, because she walked with a kind of stoop. Singular part of it, probably seen people before{\*\atrfstart 397166865}. {\*\atrfstart 397166866}
She made signs that she had seen men go  b<del rend="strikethrough">t</del>y.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid10376449 {\*\atrfend 397166866}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397166866}
{\*\atndate 656911784}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid10376449 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10376449 Signs easily interpreted}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10058256 
\par 
\par Q. Did she give you any idea that she had seen the men before?
\par 
\par A. No. Ships going that way and this, but nobody came for her. 
\par 
\par Q. Had she anything rough over her head?
\par 
\par A. Nothing whatever. {\*\atrfstart 397166867}She held up her hand that way when the Indians came up and they let her know if she did run they would catch her.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid10376449 {\*\atrfend 397166867}{\*\atnid 
SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397166867}{\*\atndate 656911785}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid10376449 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10376449 Signs easily interpreted}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid13789363 {\*\atrfend 397166865}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397166865}{\*\atndate 656911786}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid13789363 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13789363 Signs easily interpreted (whole section)}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10058256 
\par 
\par Q. Did you say she spoke some words "Kanake?"
\par 
\par A. Yes. From one of the men that had the littls schooner named "Williams." She got the name <del rend="strikethrough">N</del>Better than Nothing."
\par 
\par Q. Mr. Nidever thought the priests hired them to go and get the Indians off.
\par 
\par A. I don't think so. Maybe so. I came here in 1844. The priests had all the control.
\par 
\par Q. What was the old Presidio? A. Barracks for the soldiers.
\par 
\par Q. How was it you reenlisted in an English ship?
\par 
\par A. Left the Prussian ship.
\par 
\par <hi rend="underline">Note</h
i>: After copying the above statements I went dowm this P.M. (amrch [March] 16, 1882) and called on Mr. Carl Ditman for an explanation regarding certain obscure statements in the above. Being a German and speaking broken English accounts largely for many 
o
f the inaccuracies. Regarding the root resembling an onion, he says the Spanish or Mexican name is "Coccometas," that the little "otter" referred to was a very small one which "she hung up by a string and played with as a cat would a mouse suspened in the
 
same way."That they had Indians from different tribes to talk with her <hi rend="underline">but could not recollect which tribe could understand her best.</hi> That the Old Man <hi rend="underline>Nidever</del> started from Santa Barbara for San Francisco
 two days before she died and that Capt. Nidever made her coffin before he started.
\par 
\par J. T.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13448032 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100aa5225dfc60600008b1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595d8bdb46147d2ff43f08bd3bfe92fcb1c41b6cd9ceb6d94d42eca4e4716c8fadc98e344633de8d0981923c160aa569e943037deb
43691b48a02fe9afd936a54d217fa17746b63c638fbb9b2585a5640d8b343af7ce997bafce1d4997afdc8fa87384134e58dc708b970aae83e3211b9178d2706f
f7bbb99aeb7081e211a22cc60d778eb97b65f7c30f2ea31d11e2083b601ff31dd4704321a63bf93c1fc230e297d814c7706dcc920809384d26f951828ec16f44
f3a542a1928f10895d274611b8bd311e932176fad2a5bbbb74dea1701a0b2e078634e949d7d8b050d8d1615122f89c0734718e106db830cf881df7f17de13a14
7101171a6e41fdb9f9ddcb79b4b330a2628bad66d7557f0bbb85c1e8b0a4e64c26836c52cff3bd4a33f3af00546ce23ad54ea553c9fc29001a0e61a52917dda7
dfaab7dafe02ab81d2438bef76b55d2e1a78cd7f798373d3973f03af40a97f6f03dfed06104503af4029dedfc07b5eb51478065e81527c65035f2d34db5ed5c0
2b5048497cb8812ef89572b05c6d061933ba6785d77daf5b2d2d9caf50500d5975c929c62c16db6a2d42f758d2058004522448ec88f9148fd110aa3840940c12
e2ec93490885374531e3305c2815ba8532fc973f4f1da988a01d8c346bc90b98f08d21c9c7e1c3844c45c3fd18bcba1ae4cdcb1fdfbc7cee9c3c7a71f2e89793
c78f4f1efd9c3a32acf6503cd1ad5e7fffc5df4f3f75fe7afeddeb275fd9f15cc7fffed367bffdfaa51d082b5d85e0d5d7cffe78f1ecd5379ffff9c3130bbc99
a0810eef930873e73a3e766eb10816a6426032c783e4ed2cfa2122ba45339e701423398bc57f478406fafa1c5164c1b5b019c13b09488c0d787576cf20dc0b93
9920168fd7c2c8001e30465b2cb146e19a9c4b0b737f164fec9327331d770ba123dbdc018a8dfc766653d05662731984d8a07993a258a0098eb170e4357688b1
6575770931e27a408609e36c2c9cbbc46921620d499f0c8c6a5a19ed9108f232b711847c1bb139b8e3b418b5adba8d8f4c24dc15885ac8f73135c27815cd048a
6c2efb28a27ac0f791086d247bf364a8e33a5c40a6279832a733c29cdb6c6e24b05e2de9d7405eec693fa0f3c84426821cda7cee23c674649b1d06218aa6366c
8fc4a18efd881f428922e7261336f80133ef10790e7940f1d674df21d848f7e96a701b9455a7b42a107965965872791533a37e7b733a4658490d08bfa1e71189
4f15f73559f7ff5b5907217df5ed53cbaa2eaaa0371362bda3f6d6647c1b6e5dbc03968cc8c5d7ee369ac53731dc2e9b0decbd74bf976ef77f2fdddbeee7772f
d82b8d06f9965bc574abae36eed1d67dfb9850da13738af7b9daba73e84ca32e0c4a3bf5cc8ab3e7b8690887f24e86090cdc2441cac64998f88488b017a229ec
ef8bae7432e10bd713ee4c19876dbf1ab6fa96783a8b0ed8287d5c2d16e5a3692a1e1c89d578c1cfc6e15143a4e84a75f50896b9576c27ea51794940dabe0d09
6d329344d942a2ba1c9441520fe610340b09b5b277c2a26e615193ee97a9da6001d4b2acc0d6c9810d57c3f53d30012378a242148f649ed2542fb3ab92f92e33
bd2d984605c03e625901ab4cd725d7adcb93ab4b4bed0c99364868e566925091513d8c87688417d52947cf42e36d735d5fa5d4a02743a1e683d25ad1a8d6fe8d
c579730d76ebda40635d2968ec1c37dc4ad9879219a269c31dc3633f1c4653a81d2eb7bc884ee0ddd95024e90d7f1e6599265cb4110fd3802bd149d520220227
0e2551c395cbcfd24063a5218a5bb104827061c9d541562e1a3948ba99643c1ee3a1d0d3ae8dc848a7a7a0f0a95658af2af3f383a5259b41ba7be1e8d819d059
720b4189f9d5a20ce0887078fb534ca33922f03a3313b255fdad35a685eceaef13550da5e3884e43b4e828ba98a77025e5191d7596c5403b5bac1902aa8564d1
080713d960f5a01add34eb1a2987ad5df7742319394d34573dd35015d935ed2a66ccb06c036bb13c5f93d7582d430c9aa677f854bad725b7bed4bab57d42d625
20e059fc2c5df70c0d41a3b69acca026196fcab0d4ecc5a8d93b960b3c85da599a84a6fa95a5dbb5b8653dc23a1d0c9eabf383dd7ad5c2d078b9af549156df3d
f44f136c700fc4a30d2f81675470954af8f09020d810f5d49e24950db845ee8bc5ad0147ce2c210df741c16f7a41c90f72859adfc97965af90abf9cd72aee9fb
e562c72f16daadd243682c228c8a7efacda50bafa2e87cf1e5458d6f7c7d89966fdb2e0d599467eaeb4a5e11575f5f8aa5ed5f5f1c02a2f3a052ead6cbf55625
572f37bb39afddaae5ea41a5956b57826abbdb0efc5abdfbd0758e14d86b9603afd2a9e52ac520c8799582a45fabe7aa5ea9d4f4aacd5ac76b3e5c6c6360e5a9
7c2c6201e155bc76ff010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f
7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be
9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980
ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5b
babac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e
745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72656c732f
2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f7468656d652f74
68656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100aa5225dfc60600008b1a00001600000000000000000000000000d6020000746865
6d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000d00900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cb0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000c08c
5e1b76c4cf01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}