{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}
{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Segoe UI;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f381\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria Math CE;}{\f382\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Math Cyr;}
{\f384\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Math Greek;}{\f385\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Math Tur;}{\f388\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Math Baltic;}{\f389\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria Math (Vietnamese);}
{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Segoe UI CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Segoe UI Cyr;}{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Segoe UI Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Segoe UI Tur;}
{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Segoe UI (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Segoe UI (Arabic);}{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Segoe UI Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Segoe UI (Vietnamese);}
{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}
{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}
{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \sqformat Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs16 \sbasedon10 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid13768302 annotation reference;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 \slink17 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid13768302 annotation text;}{\*\cs17 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20 
\sbasedon10 \slink16 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid13768302 Comment Text Char;}{\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon16 \snext16 \slink19 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid13768302 annotation subject;}{\*\cs19 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs20 
\sbasedon17 \slink18 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid13768302 Comment Subject Char;}{\s20\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs18\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f39\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext20 \slink21 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid13768302 Balloon Text;}{\*\cs21 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs18 
\sbasedon10 \slink20 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid13768302 Balloon Text Char;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid225291\rsid6449640\rsid12078914\rsid13448032\rsid13768302}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1
\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\author Sara Schwebel}{\operator Rachel Manuszak}{\creatim\yr2015\mo4\dy10\hr10\min56}{\revtim\yr2015\mo4\dy10\hr10\min56}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages5}{\nofwords2302}{\nofchars10422}{\nofcharsws12699}
{\vern32775}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves1\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont1\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen
\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot12078914\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit\usenormstyforlist\noindnmbrts\felnbrelev\nocxsptable\indrlsweleven\noafcnsttbl\afelev\utinl\hwelev\spltpgpar\notcvasp\notbrkcnstfrctbl\notvatxbx\krnprsnet\cachedcolbal \nouicompat \fet0
{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\nofeaturethrottle1\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12078914 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \highlight7\insrsid6449640\charrsid6449640 TEI CODER: No trope markings}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6449640 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid12078914 <hi rend="bold">The Lost Woman of San Nicolas</hi>
\par 
\par "That is San Nicolas island, where the Mission fathers say a woman lived alone, cut off from the rest of the world for nealy twenty years."
\par 
\par The guide pointed due south to where on the horizon a low, indistinct cloud could barely be discerned.
\par 
\par A party of 
sighseers had climbed up on the mountain trail north of Santa Barbara to the summit of one of the peaks, and had viewed with delight the little town, transfigured by distance and the height from which we looked, the round foothills about it covered with t
h
e soft midwintergreen, the silver ribbon of the surf edging the dark blue of the channel, and beyond, thirty to fifty miles away, yet seeming only a quarter as far, the islands of Santa Rosa, Santa Cruz and Anacape. The guide had shown us between sea and 
sky the dot he called Santa Barbara island, and then drew our attention to San Nicolas.
\par 
\par He was not able to give us the particulars of the story, but next day, sitting on the Mission portico overlooking the gardens, the yellow, weather-beaten walls speaking
 of the long-ago Spanish days, we heard the pathetic tale from one who had been almost an actor in it, old Padre Pujol.
\par 
\par "I knew Mercedes Garciduena when she was a slip of a girl attending the Mission school," said the padre. "It is more than sixty years a
go now, yet I remember the handsome child as if it were last week. She was the gayest and brightest, and with all her willfullness, the best-loved of Padre Juan's pupils. When she grew up and fell in love with dashing young Pedro Olivas, it was to the old
 priest that she owed her father's reluctant consent to her marriage.
\par 
\par "Pedro was the best vaquero within a hundred mils of Santa Barbara, and in the processions on fiestas and the "Sixteenth" he was the finest rider as well as the handsomest man among the 
caballeros. But although a really superior fellow of his calss, he was hardly a match for Mercedes. Her father, a blue-blooded Spaniard, who had been exiled from Mexico after one of the political upheavals, felt bitter about the marriage; for although poo
r, he was proud as Lucifer.
\par 
\par "As things came out, it was a great pity that the marriage ever took place; but neither Padre Juan not any one else could foresee that after ten years of exile Senor Garciduena was to be recalled to his Mexican honors, and that 
the son-in-law whom he could tolerate in poverty would be unendurable in prosperity. But so God willed it. Mercedes had to make the hard choice between her father and her husband; and loyalty refusing to leave her husband, she saw her father go from her f
o
rever. It caused her the deepest pain she had ever known, for although he had never been quite the same to her since the marriage, she loved him passionately. Pobrecita, it was only the beginning of her troubles. Bravely she choked her sobs, and smiled wi
th the dull ache in her breast, until her mind was engrossed with other cares.
\par 
\par "A month or two after the birth of her baby, Pedro was given cahrge of a band of Indians, who were to slaughter the cattle on San Nicolas. This is a strange little island, with 
periods of fertility and barrenness. For a few years it may be richly covered with alfilaria, and considering its size, is the best of the islands for stock-raising. Then, without any apparent cause, the sea will pile up on the sand on the beach, and the 
w
ind began to drive it inland, covering the rich pasture, and making a desert of almost the whole island. Such a period had come after several years of profitable stock-raising, and the cattle were to be killed for the hides and tallow. As the work would t
ake two or three months, Mercedes elected to go with her husband.
\par 
\par "Just before they left, I was ordered to the San Francisco mission, and only when I returned five years later, did I hear the sad story of Pedro's death and Mercedes' disappearance.
\par 
\par "Pedro,
 it appeared, having completed his work, and seen to the shipment of the hides and tallow on one of the big American vessels that in those days came around the Horn to buy these products, had come to Santa Barbara in a small boat to make arrangements for 
bringing off his men and their families.
\par 
\par "It was the year 1846, and Pedro, reaching the town early in August, found it in wild excitement ever the threatened American invasion. More history had been made in the few months of his absence on the island than 
in all his life in Santa Barbara before. The Bear Flag rebellion had taken place, and war had now broken out between Mexico and the United States. Pio PIco, the governor, had impressed all able-bodied men into a force to resist attack; and Pedro, nothing 
l
oath, since he knew all would be well on the island for a few weeks, was ordered to join the force. A few days later Commedore Stockton anchored off the town and demanded its surrender. When this was refused, a body of sailors landed, and in the fighting 
that followed several men were killed. Poor Pedro's daring made him on e of the first victims.
\par 
\par "More than a month passed before the boat for which he had come could be dispatched to San Nicolas. The Indian families were then brought over, but Mercedes was 
left behind. It was a cold, damp evening when the open boat reached the landing place, and clouds banking up on the horizon gave promise of an early storm. The captain, knowing that if a storm should come, it might be a week before he could land his passe
n
gers at Santa Barbara, determined to put back the same night, feeling secure that by sailing at once he coiuld land before the storm should break. Mercedes' little one had been ailing, and rather than expose the infant to the cold and rain of the long nig
h
t voyage, she said she would wait until the boat should return for the belongings of the camp. One of the Indian women wished to remain with her, but Mercedes refused to separate her from her friends. The boat was expected to return in a few days; and in 
the confusion of the hurried embarkation, the cruelty of leaving her alone with the heart-breaking news the boat had brought, was little noticed by the stolid Indians and the rough boatmen.
\par 
\par "The troublous times caused the elapse of two weeks before the boa
t again set out for the island: Padre Juan, consumed with anxiety for Mercedes, went with it; but on reaching the island, he could find no trace of Mercedes and her babe. The crew spent two days in gathering up the effects of the camp, and Padre Juan sear
c
hed high and low without avail. In the house she had occupied moldy fragments of food, rusted cooking utensils and the dust gave evidence that she had been absent many days. Knowing that boats from San Pedro sometimes visited the island, the sailors concl
uded she had been taken to the mainland by one of them; and with this hope Padre Juan was obliged to content himself.
\par 
\par "Inquiries up and down the mainland coast, however, failed to get any response that would throw light upon her disappearance. Never a word
 came to disclose the fate of the poor girl. It remained one of the dark mysteries of the sea. Some thought a smuggling vessel might have picked her up and carried her to a far distant land. Smugglers were not uncommon, although San Nicolas is farther out
 
than they usually thought it necessary to stay. The favorite theory among the people of Santa Barbara was that Mercedes, alone on that desolate isle, brooding over her father's relentlessness, Pedro's death and her child's illness, became unbalanced and d
estroyed both her baby and herself.
\par 
\par "Padre Juan's declining years were clouded and his life shortened by the tragic fate of his favorite. He spent much of his time in making inquiries among such travelers and seafaring men as came to Santa Barbara. Especia
lly he cultivated the smugglers and their friends. As his hopes died away, he sunk into apathy, hardly noticing anything about him, and rousing himself only to ask his brothers of the Mission whether he had been to blame for his part in bringing about Mer
cedes' marriage. He died with two years, and was buried at his request in the mound yonder overlooking the sea.
\par 
\par "Years and years passed away In the many alterations brought by the American, the discovery of gold, the great influx of people and the changes 
in the mode of life, the smaller islands were almost forgotten, and the story of San Nicolas became a faint memory. So far as is known the island was never visited again until the spring of 1864 a party from Santa Barbara explored the lesser islands in qu
est of game.
\par 
\par "Finding the rocks and coves of San Nicolas thickly peopled with otters, the hunters remained several days. One of them, going a mile or so into the interior, found a rude hut built against a huge rock overlooking a little valley. In front of 
the hut a fireplace contained the ashed of a recent fire, and hanging inside was what appeared to be the dress of a woman. Before leaving the island all the party went to see the place. They concluded it must have been the camp of hunters that had been th
ere but a short time before, and they wondered at the smallness of the hut, its air of permanency, and more than all, at the old dress.
\par 
\par "When they returned to Santa Barbara and told what they had seen, the story of Mercedes Garciduena was revived. A painfu
l interest stirred the community. People that remembered the bright, handsome girl, her happy childhood, sorrowful wedded life and strange disappearance  looked at one another with the question in their eyes they could hardly put into words. A party was q
uickly made up to go to the island and search it from end to end. I was asked to be one of the party, because, of the few now left of those who had known and loved her in the happy days of her youth, I seemed to be the nearest.
\par 
\par "Never can I forget the morn
ing we found her. One of those beautiful spring mornings when the sea is laughing, the sky cloudless, the poppies and lilies gathered in tens of thousands to dance their joy, as if earth had no such thing as sorrow. The sands had retreated from the island
, and once again it was a garden of loveliness. It seemed a mockery that this should be the scene of such a story."
\par 
\par The priest paused, gazing for some moments into vacancy, his eyes filling with tears. Then, before he went on, he spent some time in counting the beads of his rosary.
\par 
\par "Poor lost Mercedes was found. But the gay and handsome Spanish girl we knew eighteen years before was an aged, decrepit woman, her once bright faculties heavy and dull. We found her within a mile of the western end of the islan
d, where we landed. The captain and I came suddenly upon her seated in a camp formed by a low wall of rocks. She was weaving willow shoots together, making a kind of basket. Her dress was of feathers held in a network of sinew cords. Under a roof of bough
s in a corner of the enclosure hung the dress of faded cloth, which the hunters had seen, and which had evidently been carefully kept during her eighteen years of solitude. Who shall tell why?
\par 
\par "Two or three of the men, extended in a line across the valley,
 were gradually approaching, and, watching these attentively, she did not at first perceive us. When at last we called her attention to ourselves, she at once arose, without any sign of fear or surprise, and making a curtsey, gave us a smiling welcome as 
she beckoned us into the camp. In speaking with her we found that while she apparently understood all we said, her speech was to us unintelligible.
\par 
\par "When the party had assembled and we asked her to go down to the bat, she hesitated with a look of perplexit
y; then, going outside, she began to pick the flowers. Having gathered a large bunch, she walked about fifty yards away and knelt down. We followed her movements curiously. Unable to see what she was doing, we drew nearer, and then saw she had spread the 
flowers over a little mound surmounted by a rude cross. In a few minutes she was ready to go.
\par 
\par "Arrived here, the whole people, Spanish and American, those who had known her in the old days as well as those who had come since, seemed to vie with each other 
to make pleasant the rest of her life. But there was little that could be done. Her wants were few, and her mind remained darkened, only gentleness and a desire to do little kindnesses showing itself like an instinct. She was never able to give a clear ac
count of her life upon the island. In a few months she sickened and died, and attended by the whole population in funeral procession, she was laid to rest by the side of Padre Juan, who loved her so well, and had sorrowed for her so grievously.
\par 
\par "God rest her soul," said the padre, in conclusion, and we all reverently echoed "Amen."
\par 
\par JAMES E. REYNOLDS.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13448032 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb6ac3301045f785fe83d0b6d8
72ba28a5d8cea249777d2cd20f18e4b12d6a8f843409c9df77ecb850ba082d74231062ce997b55ae8fe3a00e1893f354e9555e6885647de3a8abf4fbee29bbd7
2a3150038327acf409935ed7d757e5ee14302999a654e99e393c18936c8f23a4dc072479697d1c81e51a3b13c07e4087e6b628ee8cf5c4489cf1c4d075f92a0b
44d7a07a83c82f308ac7b0a0f0fbf90c2480980b58abc733615aa2d210c2e02cb04430076a7ee833dfb6ce62e3ed7e14693e8317d8cd0433bf5c60f53fea2fe7
065bd80facb647e9e25c7fc421fd2ddb526b2e9373fed4bb902e182e97b7b461e6bfad3f010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c00000
00360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4fc7060abb08
84a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b63095120f88d94fbc
52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462a1a82fe353
bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468
656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b4b0d592c9c
070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b4757e8d3f7
29e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100af2514d3ba060000581a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65
312e786d6cec59cf6fdb3614be0fd8ff20e8eefa9724db419dc296ed666bd216b5dba147daa62d369464887452a32830b4c701038675c30e2bb0db0ec3b6022d
b04bf7d764ebb075c0fe853d52b24cdaf49206390443938b457deff1e37be4f748f1eab58721b58e70c2481c35edf295926de168148f49346dda7707bd42ddb6
1847d118d138c24d7b81997d6df7c30faea21d1ee0105b601fb11dd4b403ce673bc5221b41336257e2198ee0dd244e42c4e1319916c7093a06bf212d564a25af
182212d9568442707b6b3221236c0d844b7b77e9bc4be131e24c348c68d217aeb16621b1e3c3b240b005f369621d21dab4a19f717c3cc00fb96d51c438bc68da
25f9671777af16d14e6644f9165bc5ae27ff32bbcc607c58917d26d361dea9e3b88ed7cafd4b00e59bb86eadeb75bddc9f04a0d108469a72517dbaed46bbe366
580594fe34f8eed43ad5b28657fc573738b75cf1afe12528f5ef6ce07b3d1fa2a8e12528c5bb1b78c7a9557c47c34b508af736f0b552abe3d434bc0405944487
1be892eb55fde56873c824a67b4678c3757ab54ae67c8582d990cf2ed1c5248ef8b6b916a20771d203800052c44964f1c50c4fd00866b18f281926c4da27d380
8b6ed00e46cafbb469c4369a448f161b2564c69bf6c73304eb62e5f59fd73ffef3faa575f2e4d5c9935f4e9e3e3d79f273ea48b3da43d154b57afbfd177f3fff
d4faebe5776f9f7d65c63315fffb4f9ffdf6eb9766202ca2159d375fbff8e3d58b37df7cfee70fcf0cf05682862a7c4042ccac9bf8d8ba1387303019159d391e
26ef66310810512d5ad194a108895e0cfebb3cd0d03717882203ae8df508de4b40444cc0ebf3071ae17e90cc393178bc11841af0208e693b4e8c51b821fa52c2
3c98475373e7c95cc5dd41e8c8d4b78f222dbfddf90cd493985cfa01d668dea628e2688a23cc2df12e3ec4d830bafb8468713d20a32466f1845bf789d546c418
9201196ab36965b44742c8cbc24410f2adc5e6e09ed58ea969d41d7ca4236155206a203fc0540be37534e72834b91ca090aa01df473c3091ec2f92918aeb320e
999e621a5bdd3166cc64732b81f12a49bf0102624efb015d843a32e1e4d0e4731fc5b18aecc4877e80c29909db2751a0623f6287304591753be626f841acaf10
f10c7940d1d674df23584bf7e96a7017b453a5b49a20e2cd3c31e4f23a8eb5f9db5fd009c2526a40da35c50e4974aa7ca73d5c9c708354bef9f6b981f76595ec
56428c6b666f4da8b7e1d6e5d98f9331b9fceadc41f3e8368605b159a2de8bf37b71b6fff7e2bc6d3d5fbc24af5418045a6c06d3edb6dc7c875bf7de1342699f
2f28de6772fbcda0f68c7bd028ece4b913e767b159003fc54a860e34dc3441d2c64a62fe09e1413f4033d8ba976de164ca32d75366cd62064746d96cf42df074
1e1ec4e3f4c8592e8be3652a1e0cf1557bc9cddbe1b8c053b4575b1da372f792ed541e77970484edbb90503ad349540d246acb46112479b886a01948c8915d08
8b8681455db85fa66a830550cbb3029b230bb6544ddb75c0048ce0cc84281e8b3ca5a95e665726f32233bd2d98da0c28c1778d6c06ac32dd105cb70e4f8c2e9d
6a67c8b44642996e3a09191959c35880c6389b9da2f52c34de35d78d554a357a2214592c141ab5fa7fb1386faec16e5d1b68a42a058dace3a6ed555d98322334
6bda1338bac3cf70067387894d2da253f8fe35e249bae0cfa32cb384f10e62411a70293aa91a8484e3c4a2246cda62f8791a68243544722b5740102e2db906c8
ca65230749d7938c27133ce26ada951611e9f411143ed50ae35b697e7eb0b08ce790ee7e303eb686749edc4130c5dc5a5904704c187cdf29a7d11c13f824990b
d96afead15a64c76d56f82720ea5ed88ce0294551455cc53b894f29c8e7cca63a03c656386802a21c90ae1702a0aac1a54ad9ae65523e5b0b5ea9e6e2422a788
e6aa666aaa22aaa659c5b41e9665602d96e72bf20aab6588a15caa153e95ee75c96d2cb56e6d9f90570908781e3f43d53d434150a8ad3ad3a809c69b322c343b
6bd56bc77280a7503b4b915054df5bba5d8b5b5e238cdd41e3b92a3fd8adcf5a689a2cf79532d2f2ee42bd5e88870f403c3af021774e3993a984cb8304c186a8
2ff724a96cc01279c8b3a501bfac79429af6a392db72fc8aeb174a75b75b70aa4ea950775bd542cb75abe5ae5b2e75da95c75058781096ddf4dea4071f9be822
bb3d91ed1b3728e1f27bda95511c166379435294c4e50d4ab992dda0c81b98a66dbc4ab108a8cf23afd26b541b6dafd0a8b67a05a7d3ae171abed72e743cbfd6
e9757cb7dee83db6ad2309765a55dff1baf58257f6fd82e395c438ea8d42cda9545a4ead55ef3aadc7d97e064290ea48161488b324b8fb2f000000ffff030050
4b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e
72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae9
95719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757d
a0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d00
14000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d
0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b000000000000000000000000002b0100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800
000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000140200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b
01022d0014000600080000002100af2514d3ba060000581a00001600000000000000000000000000d10200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e78
6d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000bf0900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000ba0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax267\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;}}{\*\datastore 0105000002000000180000004d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e352e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffffec69d9888b8b3d4c859eaf6cd158be0f0000000000000000000000004088
4d8d9e73d001feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}