{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}
{\f38\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0502040204020203}Segoe UI;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f336\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f337\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f339\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f340\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f341\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f342\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f343\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f344\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f676\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria Math CE;}{\f677\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Math Cyr;}
{\f679\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Math Greek;}{\f680\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Math Tur;}{\f683\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Math Baltic;}{\f684\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria Math (Vietnamese);}
{\f716\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Segoe UI CE;}{\f717\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Segoe UI Cyr;}{\f719\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Segoe UI Greek;}{\f720\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Segoe UI Tur;}
{\f721\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Segoe UI (Hebrew);}{\f722\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Segoe UI (Arabic);}{\f723\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Segoe UI Baltic;}{\f724\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Segoe UI (Vietnamese);}
{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}
{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}
{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs16 \sbasedon10 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid8991560 annotation reference;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 \slink17 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid8991560 annotation text;}{\*\cs17 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20 
\sbasedon10 \slink16 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid8991560 Comment Text Char;}{\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon16 \snext16 \slink19 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid8991560 annotation subject;}{\*\cs19 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs20 
\sbasedon17 \slink18 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid8991560 Comment Subject Char;}{\s20\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af38\afs18\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f38\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext20 \slink21 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid8991560 Balloon Text;}{\*\cs21 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af38\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f38\fs18 
\sbasedon10 \slink20 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid8991560 Balloon Text Char;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8991560\rsid9395429\rsid9506529\rsid13448032}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440
\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\author Sara Schwebel}{\operator Sara Schwebel}{\creatim\yr2014\mo7\dy29\hr22\min50}{\revtim\yr2014\mo9\dy6\hr18\min8}{\version3}{\edmins8}{\nofpages19}{\nofwords4628}{\nofchars26380}{\nofcharsws30947}{\vern57437}}
{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont1\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen
\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot9395429\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit\usenormstyforlist\noindnmbrts\felnbrelev\nocxsptable\indrlsweleven\noafcnsttbl\afelev\utinl\hwelev\spltpgpar\notcvasp\notbrkcnstfrctbl\notvatxbx\krnprsnet\cachedcolbal \nouicompat \fet0
{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\nofeaturethrottle1\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid9395429 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9395429 PROCEEDINGS OF THE CALIFORNIA MEETING OF THE AMERICAN ANTHROPOLOGICAL ASSOCIATION, AUGUST 29-SEPTEMBER 2, 1905
\par 
\par MINUTES OF THE MEETINGS OF THE COUNCIL, AUGUST 29-31
\par 
\par Meetings of August 29
\par 
\par A meeting of the Council was held in the Department of Anthropology at the Affiliated Colleges of the University of California, San Francisco, Tuesday, August 29, at 9:30 A. M. President Putnam in the ch
air; other members present: Dr A. L. Kroeber and Dr R. B. Dixon, with Dr Charles Peabody, who was elected Secretary <emph>pro tempore</emph> in the place of Dr George Grant MacCurdy, absent. The minutes of the meeting of the Council held April 15, 1905, i
n New York, were read and approved.
\par 
\par The President stated to the Council that a vote had been taken by a circular sent to all of its members, and by this it had been decided to substitute San Francisco for Portland, Oregon, as the place of meeting for the summer of 1905.
\par 
\par New members were elected as follows: Mr S. A. Barrett, Mrs T. B. Bishop, Mr Herbert Brown, Mr D. I. Bushnell, Jr, Dr Mary G. Campbell, Dr A. C. Connor, Dr N. B. Emerson, Prof. J. Fryer, Mr H. H. Harrison, Mrs R. C. Harrison, Mrs R. F. Herri
ck, Mr E. W. Heusinger, Mr Charles Hill-Tout, Dr W. Hurst, Dr G. L. Knapp, Mrs M. L. LaMoreaux, Mr C. P. Mackie, Dr C. Hart Merriam, Rev. A. G. Morice, O.M.I., Miss E. D. Putnam, Miss H. Rucker, Mr C. E. Rumsey, Mr H. N. Rust, Dr A. E. Taylor, Dr J. H. Wo
ods, Prof. J. H. Wright. Twenty-six in all.
\par 
\par Moved: That the amendments to the constitution as recommended by the Council at its last meetings in Philadelphia in December, 1904, and in New York in April, 1905, be presented at the meeting to come of the Association. Carried.
\par 
\par Moved: That the annual meeting be held at Ithaca, New York, in December, 1905. Carried.
\par 
\par Adjourned.
\par 
\par A meeting of the Council was called by the President at 3:30 P.M., Tuesday, August 29, 1905, at the Affiliated Colleges.
\par 
\par New members were elected as follows: Mrs H. H. Bancroft, Mrs J. Fessenden Clark, Mrs F. H. Green, Miss Catherine W. Hittell; Mrs E. S. Howard, Mr E. L. McLeod, Miss Elizabeth Mills.
\par 
\par Adjourned.
\par 
\par Meeting of August 30
\par 
\par A meeting of the Council was called by the President at the Hotel St Francis, San Francisco, Wednesday, August 30, 1905, at 2 P. M.
\par 
\par New members were elected as follows: Mrs J. H. Beatty, Mrs E. B. Power, Mrs H. L. Ryan, Mrs Dorcas L. Spencer.
\par 
\par Adjourned.
\par 
\par Meeting of August 31
\par 
\par A meeting of the Council was held at the University of California, Berkeley, on Thursday, August 31, 1905, at 3 P. M.
\par 
\par New members were elected as follows: Miss Ada M. Field, Mr Frederick Monsen, Mrs James S. Peck.
\par 
\par Adjourned.
\par 
\par MINUTES OF THE MEETING OF THE ASSOCIATION, AUGUST 29-31
\par 
\par Sessions of August 29
\par 
\par A session of the Association was held in the Department of Anthropology at the Affiliated Colleges of the University of California, San Francisco, Tuesday, August 29, 1905, at 10:30 A. M. President Putnam in the chair.
\par 
\par Dr Charles Peabody was elected Secretary <emph>pro tempore</emph> in the absence of Dr George Grant MacCurdy.
\par 
\par The President gave an address of welcome, and explained the scope of anthropology in general and the work and needs of the science in particular on the Pacific coast. The President said in part:
\par 
\par <emph>Members of the American Anthropological Association</emph>,
\par 
\par <emph>Ladies and Gentlemen </emph>: This is the first time the American Anthropological Association has met on the Pacific
 coast, and in my official capacity in connection with the University of California I welcome you here most heartily. This Association is American in the broadest sense. We have members in South America, in Mexico, and in the Dominion of Canada, so that w
e
 cover the whole continent of America. We also have foreign members. At least two of our members from Canada are present at this meeting, but, unfortunately, our members in southern lands and in Europe are represented only by letters of regret. Next year 
there will be a large gathering of anthropologists from many parts of the world at the International Congress of Americanists to be held in Quebec, and that is the chief reason why many of our members are absent today.
\par 
\par The objects of our Association should be considered at each meeting, and in order to impress them upon you I will read the second article of our constitution, as follows:
\par 
\par "The objects of the Association are to promote the science of Anthropology; to stimulate the efforts of American anthropo
logists; to coordinate Anthropology with other sciences; to foster local and other societies devoted to Anthropology; to serve as a bond of union among American anthropologists and American anthropological organizations present and prospective; and to pub
lish and encourage the publication of matters pertaining to Anthropology."
\par 
\par As we all know, anthropology begins with the effort to ascertain when man first appeared upon the earth&#8212;the geological history of man. It then considers the distribution of ma
n over the earth; the thoughts of man as expressed through the medium of his hands; the institutions which man has established, the social organizations, the various means by which man has gradually secured the best interests of the different peoples. Our
 science is the study of man, and all that man has done physically and mentally. It is thus a broad study, and it has its bearings upon many sciences. Geology, astronomy, zo\'f6
logy, and botany all come into play in our researches, so that an anthropologist mu
st have at least a general knowledge of these sciences or he cannot be an all-round anthropologist. Linguistics is a special branch of our science which requires special training and special adaptability, but it also requires a general knowledge of ethnol
ogy. A student of native languages must have some knowledge of the native peoples in order to get into close contact with them and thus obtain the most accurate results from his investigations.
\par 
\par Our Association welcomes to its membership all who are interested in this great study. We wish to have every educated man and woman a member of the Association. They should be with us. They should be engaged in aiding this work, because the study of the b
e
ginning of things leads us to a better understanding of our present condition. Many a blunder would have been avoided if we had taken up primitive ideas and studied their development instead of beginning along other lines in our endeavor toward human adva
n
cement. There is where we have made a mistake. There is where governments are making many mistakes in dealing with primitive peoples. We tread upon aboriginal customs and we outrage their aboriginal beliefs and superstitions, and then we wonder why the pe
o
ple arise and refuse to accept the laws and the supposed humane treatment that is offered to them. Governments do not take the advice of those who could teach the proper methods of dealing with alien races. It is the trained anthropologist who should guid
e and direct such work.
\par 
\par As one of the means to this end we must encourage the publication of the results of anthropological research. During the few years of its existence this Association has done much in that line. Our journal, the <emph>American Anthrop
ologist</emph> (New Series), is published quarterly, and is now in its seventh volume. There are eleven volumes of the first series published by the Anthropological Society of Washington. Each member is entitled to the publications of the Association, beg
inning with the year of membership. We hope many new members will be added to the Association and help it to carry on the good work.
\par 
\par I should like to call your attention to what is being done in anthropology the world over, and particularly in the United S
tates, where there are several centers of active research and great museums devoted entirely or in part to anthropology; but as the time will not permit of such an extended review I can refer only to the important work that is being done at Washington, Ne
w York, Chicago, Philadelphia, Pittsburg, Cambridge, New Haven, Salem, Andover, and many other places.
\par 
\par Here in California there have come into existence two centers of research &#8212;one in the south at Los Angeles, the other here in San Francisco and Ber
keley. Here a Department of Anthropology has been created through the interest and generosity of one of the regents of the University, Mrs Ph\'9c
ebe A. Hearst. The collections temporarily arranged in this building and in the building at Berkeley, together wit
h the publications of the department, will give you some idea of what already has been accomplished through the interest of Mrs Hearst in the Department of Anthropology of the University of California. Lack of time forbids a detailed account of the origin
 
and growth of the department; I will simply call your attention to the pamphlet prepared especially for this meeting, copies of which await your acceptance. This gift from Mrs Hearst to the University can but be an incentive to others, patrons and student
s, to aid in making a great anthropological center here on the Pacific coast.
\par 
\par I now have the pleasure of inviting you all to remain, after the morning session, as the guests of Mrs Hearst, who will be pleased to meet you in the adjoining hall where luncheo
n will be served. After the luncheon we will make an examination of the collections in the several halls of this building. Then we will reassemble for the reading of papers.
\par 
\par Dr A. L. Kroeber, Secretary of the Committee on Program and Arrangements, and President Putnam gave an outline of the events, scientific and social, proposed for the week.
\par 
\par The list of new members elected by the Council was read; there were twenty-six elections.
\par 
\par The amendments to the constitution as recommended by the Council at its meetings in Philadelphia, in December 1904, and in New York in April 1905, were read to the Association and adopted.
\par 
\par The announcement of the meeting of the International Congress of Americanists at Quebec in September 1906 was made.
\par 
\par Letters of regret from
 W. D. Alexander, Honolulu; Julius Gette, S. J., Nulato, Alaska; W. E. Roth, Brisbane, Queensland; Charles F. Lummis, Los Angeles; T. M. Hocken, New Zealand; George Grant MacCurdy, New Haven; Karl von den Steinen, Steglitz-Berlin; N. Le\'f3
n, Mexico; L. Lejea
l, and The Anthropological Society of Bombay were laid before the members. Letters of regret were also received from H. Brown, Yuma; David Boyle, Toronto; W. T. Brigham, Honolulu; F. V. Coville, Washington; G. A. Dorsey, Chicago; N. B. Emerson, Honolulu; 
M
iss Alice C. Fletcher, Washington; J. Walter Fewkes, Washington; George Bird Grinnell, New York; J. W. Hastings, Cambridge; F. W. Hodge, Washington; E. L. Hewett, Washington; A. Hrdlicka, Washington; H. W. Henshaw, Washington; B. Talbot B. Hyde, New York;
 
J. W. Hudson, Chicago; Carl Purdy, Ukiah, California; A. B. Jones, Richmond; W. S. Kahnweiler, New York; James Mooney, Washington; G. H. Pepper, New York; L. van Panhuys, The Hague; C. E. Rumsey, Riverside, California; P. S. Sparkman, Valley Center, Calif
o
rnia; H. S. Symmes, Idyllwild, California; Alvin Seale, Stanford University, California; C. Wissler, New York; H. I. Smith, New York; A. M. Tozzer, Cambridge; A. C. Vroman, Pasadena; E. P. Vining, San Francisco; H. R. Voth, Newton, Kansas; Miss J. E. Wier
, Reno, Nevada; W. H. Holmes, Washington; R. Etheridge, Sydney, N. S. W.
\par 
\par The Association proceeded to the presentation and discussion of papers.
\par 
\par President Putnam, representing Mrs Hearst, extended an invitation to luncheon at the Affiliated Colleges following adjournment.
\par 
\par Adjourned at 1:15 P. M.
\par 
\par A session was held at the Affiliated Colleges on Tuesday, August 29, at 3:40 P. M. President Putnam in the chair.
\par 
\par The list of additional new members elected by the Council was read; there were seven elections.
\par 
\par The meeting proceeded to the presentation and discussion of papers.
\par 
\par Adjourned 5:45 P. M.
\par 
\par Sessions of August 30
\par 
\par Sessions of the Association were held on Wednesday, August 30, 1905, at the California Academy of Sciences, San Francisco, at 10:15 A. M. and 2:15 P. M. President Putnam in the chair.
\par 
\par Opening the session of the morning, Mr Loomis, Director of the California Academy of Sciences, welcomed the Association to the hospitality of the Academy; later an invitation to luncheon at the Hotel St Francis wa
s extended by Mr Alpheus Bull, First Vice-President of the Academy. During the opening remarks of President Putnam reference was made to the final adjudication of the difficulties in the way of making peace between Japan and Russia.
\par 
\par Papers were read and discussed at both sessions.
\par 
\par On motion of Dr C. Peabody, seconded by Mr C. Hill-Tout, at the morning session, the Association voted that a committee be appointed by the President to report at the next regular meeting, for the investigation of the question w
hether an improvement or a readjustment of the names used in American archeology be feasible. At the afternoon session the President announced the appointment of that committee, as follows: Dr C. Peabody, chairman; Prof. John H. Wright, Mr W. K. Moorehead
, Mr F. W. Hodge, Mr J. D. McGuire.
\par 
\par The names of four additional new members elected by the Council were read.
\par 
\par Adjournment of the morning session was at 12 P. M. and of the afternoon session at 5:1 5 P. M.
\par 
\par Sessions of August 31
\par 
\par In conjunction with the C
alifornia Branch of the American Folklore Society, sessions of the Association were held at the University of California, Berkeley, California, on Thursday morning at South Hall and in the afternoon at the building of the Department of Anthropology, Augus
t 31, 1905.
\par 
\par Papers were read and discussed at both sessions.
\par 
\par After an abstract of Dr Kroeber's paper on "Systematic Nomenclature in American Ethnology" had been presented, a recommendation of Mr F. W. Hodge, of Washington, was quoted favoring the appointm
ent of a committee to consider the subject. Dr Dixon moved that a committee of seven or eight members be appointed by the President to report at the next regular meeting of the Association on the most desirable nomenclature for Indian linguistic families 
north of Mexico. Seconded by Dr Peabody, the motion was carried.
\par 
\par Before adjournment of the morning session, President Putnam, representing Mrs Hearst, extended an invitation to the members to luncheon at the building of the Department of Anthropology of the University of California.
\par 
\par At the afternoon session the list of three additional new members elected by the Council was read.
\par 
\par Resolutions as follows were unanimously passed by the Association: Resolutions expressing appreciation of the courtesy and hospitality of Mrs Ph\'9c
be A. Hearst, of the Academy of Sciences and of Vice-President Bull and Director Loomis, of the University of C
alifornia and President Wheeler, of Mr Luther Burbank, and of the Leland Stanford Junior University; also expressing appreciation of the successful energy and direction of President Putnam, of the Association, and of Dr Kroeber, the Secretary of the Commi
ttee on Program and Arrangements; also by the visiting members expressing their appreciation of the hospitality of the resident members. Remarks were made by Mr Hill-Tout and Mr Keeler.
\par 
\par The President announced the Committee on Nomenclature of Indian Linguistic Families, as follows: F. W. Hodge, chairman; Franz Boas, R. B. Dixon, G. A. Dorsey, W. H. Holmes, A. L. Kroeber, James Mooney.
\par 
\par At the end of the session papers by C. P. Mackie, George Grant MacCurdy, C. Hart Merriam, Albert Ernest Jenks, A. L. Kroebe
r, Miss Jeanne Elizabeth Wier, N. B. Emerson, Mrs Zelia Nuttall, Alvin Seale, Miss Alice C. Fletcher, James Mooney, J. R. Swanton, and W. H. Holmes, were read by title.
\par 
\par President Putnam announced that the next meeting of the Association would be held in Ithaca, New York, in December 1905.
\par 
\par Adjourned at 4:30 P. M.
\par 
\par C. PEABODY, <emph>Secretary pro tempore</emph>.
\par 
\par 
\par EXCURSIONS AND ENTERTAINMENTS
\par 
\par On Tuesday, August 29, luncheon was tendered the Association by Mrs Ph\'9cbe A. Hearst in the Department of Anthropol
ogy at the Affiliated Colleges of the University of California in San Francisco. In the afternoon an exhibition of the collections of the Department was held, the officers of the Department conducting the members of the Association through the building an
d explaining the collections.
\par 
\par On Wednesday, August 30, a luncheon was tendered the Association by the California Academy of Sciences at the St Francis Hotel, Vice-President Alpheus Bull making an address of welcome. In the evening a dinner was given the vi
siting members of the Association by the resident members, at the St Francis Hotel.
\par 
\par On Thursday, August 31, before the opening of the morning session, Prof. J. C. Merriam conducted a party to the Emeryville Shellmound, explaining the excavations made in t
he mound by himself and Dr Max Uhle. On the same day luncheon was tendered the Association by Mrs Ph\'9c
be A. Hearst in the building of the Department of Anthropology of the University of California at Berkeley. After luncheon the collection of plaster casts illustrative of ancient art was exhibited as arranged in this building.
\par 
\par On Friday, September 1, an excursion was made to Mr Luther Burbank's home in Santa Rosa. This excursion was arranged through the courtesy of Mr Burbank, the California Promotion Commi
ttee, and the California Northwestern Railway. Thirty-four members took part.
\par 
\par On Saturday, September 2, an excursion was made to Leland Stanford Junior University. The buildings and grounds were shown the party and luncheon was tendered by officers of the University. Twenty members took part in this excursion.
\par 
\par PAPERS READ <hi rend="superscript">1</hi>
\par 
\par <emph>Sessions of August 29</emph>
\par 
\par Dr Frederic Ward Putnam, Director of the Museum of Anthropology of the University of California, and Curator of the Peabody Museum of Harvard University: <emph>Exhibition of Bones, Possibly Showing the Work of Matz, from Quaternary Caves of California</em
ph>. Discussed by Mrs Herrick, Hill-Tout, J. C. Merriam.
\par 
\par Mr Charles Hill-Tout, Ethnological Survey of Canada: <emph>Some Features of the Language and Culture if the Salish</emph>.* Discussed by Dixon, Goddard, C. Hart Merriam, Kroeber, Barrett.
\par 
\par Dr C. Hart Merriam, Chief of the Biological Survey, Washington, D. C.: <emph>The Indian Population of California</emph>.* Discussed by Mrs Herrick, McLeod, Barrett.
\par 
\par Dr R. B. Dixon, Harvard University: <emph>The Mythology of the Shasta-Achomawi</emph>.* Discussed by Hill-Tout, C. H. Merriam.
\par 
\par Miss Constance Goddard DuBois, Waterbury, Connecticut: <emph>Religious Ceremonies and Myths of the Mission Indians</emph>.* (Illustrated with phonograph records.) Discussed by C. H. Merriam; Peabody.
\par 
\par <emph>Sessions of August 30</emph>
\par 
\par Mrs R. F. Herrick, Eureka, California: <emph>The Indians of Humboldt Bay</emph>. Discussed by Hill-Tout, Keeler, Rust.
\par 
\par Dr J. C. Merriam, University of California: <emph>The Exploration if Quaternary Caves in California</emph>. Illustrated with lantern slides. Discussed by Peabody.
\par 
\par <hi rend="superscript"">1</hi> The papers marked with an asterisk (*) are published in this number of the <emph>American Anthropologist</emph>.
\par 
\par AM. ANTH., N. S.) 7-49
\par 
\par Dr A. Hrdlicka, Assistant Curator, Physical Anthropology, U. S. National Museum: <emph>A Contribution to the Physical Anthropology of California</emph>.<hi rend="superscript">1</hi>
\par 
\par Mr S. A. Barrett, University of California: <emph>Presentation of a Map Showing the Territory, Division, Villages, and Camp-Sites of the Pomo Indians of California</emph>.<hi rend="superscript">1</hi> Discussed by C. H. Merriam, Dixon.
\par 
\par Dr C. Hart Merriam, Washington, D. C.: <emph>The Chievor of the Tongva, a Mortuary Ceremony</emph>. Discussed by Miss DuBois, Dixon, Hill-Tout.
\par 
\par Mr P. S. Sparkman, Valley-Center, California: <emph>The Grammar of the Luise\'f1o Language of Southern California</emph>.* Discussed by Hill-Tout.
\par 
\par Dr Philip Mills Jones, Secretary and Editor of the Medical Society of the State of California: <emph>A New Method of Preserving Specimens of Shell and other Perishable Materials</emph>.* Discussed by Putnam.
\par 
\par Dr Charles Peabody and Mr Warren K. Moorehead, Archeological Museum of Philips Academy, Andover, Massachusetts: <emph>The Naming of Specimens in American Archeology</emph>.<hi rend="superscript">2</hi> Discussed by Hill-Tout.
\par 
\par Dr J. C. Merriam, University of California: <emph>The Excavations at EmeryvilleShellmound</emph>. (Illustrated with lantern slides.) Discussed by Dixon, Hill-Tout, Putnam.
\par 
\par Mr H. N. Rust, South Pasadena: <emph>A Puberty Ceremony of the Mission Indians</emph>.<hi rend="superscript">2</hi> Discussed by Kroeber, Miss DuBois, Hill-Tout, Putnam.
\par 
\par Dr A. L. Kroeber, University of California: <emph>{\*\atrfstart 397790167}Exhibition of a Basket, now in the Californian Academy of Sciences, from the Extinct Indians of San Nicolas Island, California}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid8991560 {\*\atrfend 397790167}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397790167}{\*\atndate 1193799097}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid8991560 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8991560 Vanishing Indians}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9506529 ; Origins}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9395429 </emph>. Discussed by McLeod, Rust.
\par 
\par Mr F. I. Monsen, San Francisco: <emph>Explorations in Northern Arizona and New Mexico</emph>. Discussed by Putnam.
\par 
\par <emph>Sessions of August 31</emph>
\par 
\par Dr A. L. Kroeber, Secretary of the Department of Anthropology, University of California: <emph>Systematic Nomenclature in Ethnology</emph>.<hi rend="superscript">2</hi> Discussed by J. C. Merriam, C. H. Merriam, Hill-Tout, Dixon, Peabody.
\par 
\par Dr C. Hart Merriam, Washington, D. C.: <emph>Basket Cave Burial in California</emph>. Discussed by McLeod, Putnam.
\par 
\par Mr H. N. Rust, South Pasadena: <emph>The Obsidian Blades of California</emph>.<hi rend="superscript">1</hi> Discussed by Putnam.
\par 
\par Mr S. A. Barrett, University of California: <emph>Basket Designs of the Pomo Indians</emph>.* Discussed by C. H. Merriam.
\par 
\par <hi rend="superscript">1</hi> To be published by the University of California.
\par 
\par <hi rend="superscript">2</hi> To be published in the next issue of the <emph>American Anthropologist</emph>.
\par 
\par Dr P. E. Goddard, Department of Anthropology, University of California: <emph>Mechanical Aids to the Study and Recording of Language</emph>.* Discussed by Putnam.
\par 
\par Dr J. C. Merriam, University of California: <emph>Some Suggestions Concerning the Origin of the Calaveras Skull</emph>. (Illustrated with lantern slides.) Discussed by Hill-Tout.
\par 
\par Mr Charles Keeler, Berkeley: <emph>Creation Myths and Folk-tales of the Manua Islands, Samoa</emph>. Discussed by Dixon.
\par 
\par Mr J. T. Goodman, Alameda: <emph>Maya Dates</emph>.* Discussed by Putnam.
\par 
\par Mt C. C. Willoughby, Assistant Curator, Peabody Museum of Harvard University: <emph>A Few Ethnological Specimens Collected by Lewis and Clark</emph>.*
\par 
\par Mr H. N. Rust, South Pasadena: <emph>Exhibition of Implements from San Miguel Island used for Cutting and Working Shell Ornaments</emph>.
\par 
\par Prof. Howard Swan, Imperial College, Peking: <emph>A Systematic Arrangement for Recording Dialects</emph>.
\par 
\par Prof. W. H. Holmes, Chief of the Bureau of American Ethnology, Washington, D. C.: <emph>Antiquity of Man in North America</emph>. Discussed by Putnam, Peabody, and Swan.
\par 
\par Dr C. F. Newcombe, Victoria, B. C.: <emph>Exhibition of Northwestern Indian Designs</emph>. Discussed by Hill-Tout.
\par 
\par <emph>Papers Read by Title</emph>
\par 
\par Mr Charles F. Lummis, Secretary of the Southwest Society of the Arch\'e6ological Institute of America, Los Angeles: <emph>Old Indian and Spanish Folk Songs if the Southwest</emph>. (Illustrated with phonograph records.)
\par 
\par Mr C. P. Mackie, Englewood, New Jersey: <emph>A Plea for the More Critical Use if History in Anthropological Research</emph>.
\par 
\par Dr George Grant MacCurdy, Yale University: <emph>Eoliths from England and Belgium</emph>.
\par 
\par Dr C. Hart Merriam, Washington, D. C.: <emph>Basketry of California Indians</emph>.
\par 
\par Dr Albert Ernest Jenks, Director of the Ethnological Survey for the Philippine Islands, Manila: <emph>The Peopling if the Philippines</emph>.
\par 
\par Dr A. L. Kroeber, University of California: <emph>Indian Systems of Consanguinity in California</emph>.
\par 
\par Miss Jeanne Elizabeth Wier, Nevada State University: <emph>The Waslzoe Indians of Nevada.<emph>
\par 
\par Dr N. B. Emerson, Honolulu: <emph>Introduction to "Unwritten Literature if Hawaii."</emph>
\par 
\par Mrs Zelia Nuttall, Director of the Crocker Researches in Mexico for the Dep
artment of Anthropology of the University of California: <emph>The Earliest Historical Communications between Japan and Mexico, from Original Documents Preserved in the the Archives of Japan, Recently Brought to Light by a Mexican Diplomat</emph>.<hi rend
="superscript">1</hi>
\par 
\par Mr Alvin Seale, Leland Stanford Junior University: <emph>Ceremonies Relating to Sickness and Death in the Solomon Islands</emph>.
\par 
\par Miss Alice C. Fletcher, Washington, D. C.: <emph>The Earth Lodge and Its Migrations</emph>.
\par 
\par Mr James Mooney, Washington, D. C.: <emph>The Cheyenne Indians</emph>.
\par 
\par Mr James Mooney, Washington, D. C.: <emph>The Catoosa Tribe of Florida</emph>.
\par 
\par Dr J. R. Swanton, Washington, D. C.: <emph>The Social Organization of American Tribes</emph>.<hi rend="superscript">*</hi>
\par 
\par Prof. W. H. Holmes, Washington, D. C.: <emph>Architecture of the Aborigines of North America</emph>.
\par 
\par Prof. W. H. Holmes, Washington, D. C.: <emph>Use of Copper by the Aborigines of North America</emph>.
\par 
\par Prof. W. H. Holmes, Washington, D. C.: <emph>Problematical Objects in the Prehistoric Archeology of North America</emph>.
\par 
\par LETTERS OF ACKNOWLEDGMENT
\par 
\par SAN FRANCISCO,
\par 
\par September 5, 1905.
\par 
\par MRS PHOEBE A. HEARST,
\par 
\par <emph>Pleasanton, California</emph>.
\par 
\par <emph>My dear Madam </emph>: At the meeting of the American Anthropological Association held at Berkeley, August 31, 1905, the following resolution was unanimously adopted:
\par 
\par <emph>Resolved </emph>: That the Association desires to express its appreciation of the courtesy of Mrs Ph\'9cbe A. Hearst
 in extending to the Association the very cordial invitation to luncheon at the Affiliated Colleges, San Francisco, on Tuesday, August 29th, and at Berkeley, August 31st. The Association having held its meetings in the buildings of the Department of Anthr
o
pology of the University of California both in San Francisco and in Berkeley, a Department owing its initiation and its prosperity to her inspiration and care, deeply feels the obligation which the science of anthropology has to Mrs Hearst and takes this 
means of tendering to her its cordial recognition of her important achievements. I am, dear Madam,
\par 
\par Yours respectfully,
\par 
\par C. PEABODY, <emph>Secretary pro tempore</emph>.
\par 
\par SAN FRANCISCO,
\par 
\par September 5, 1905.
\par 
\par E. J. MOLERA, EsQ.,
\par 
\par <emph>President of the California Academy of Sciences, San Francisco</emph>.
\par 
\par <emph>My dear Sir </emph>: At a meeting of the American Anthropological Association held August 31ist, the following resolution was unanimously adopted:
\par 
\par <hi rend="superscript">1</hi> To be published by the University of California.
\par 
\par <emph>Resolved </emph>: That the Association desires to express its appreciation of the courtesy of the California Academy of Sciences, tendered by Vice-President Bull and Director Loomis, in extending to the Association the hospi
tality of its building, the very cordial invitation to luncheon at the Hotel St Francis, and the welcome personally given by its officers on Wednesday, August 30, 1905.
\par 
\par Respectfully yours,
\par 
\par C. PEABODY, <emph>Secretary pro tempore</emph>.
\par 
\par SAN FRANCISCO,
\par 
\par September 5, 1905.
\par 
\par PRESIDENT BENJAMIN IDE WHEELER,
\par 
\par <emph>University of California, Berkeley, California</emph>.
\par 
\par <emph>My dear Sir </emph>: At a meeting of the American Anthropological Association held August 31st, at Berkeley, the following resolution was unanimously adopted:
\par 
\par <emph>Resolved </emph>: That the Association desires to express its appreciation of the courtesy of the University of California as tendered by President Wheeler in his cordial greeting of August 31st. Respectfully yours,
\par 
\par C. PEABODY, </emph>Secretary pro tempore</emph>.
\par 
\par SAN FRANCISCO,
\par 
\par September 5, 1905.
\par 
\par ACTING PRESIDENT J. C. BRANNER,
\par 
\par <emph>Leland Stanford Junior University, Palo Alto, California</emph>.
\par 
\par <emph>My dear Sir </emph>: At a meeting of the American Anthropological Association held at Berkeley, August 31st, the following resolution was unanimously adopted:
\par 
\par <emph>Resolved </emph>: That the Association desires to express its appreciation of the courtesy of Leland Stanford Junior University in extending to the Associati
on the very cordial invitation to visit the University and to luncheon on Saturday, September 2d.
\par 
\par Respectfully yours,
\par 
\par C. PEABODY, <emph>Secretary pro tempore</emph>.
\par 
\par SAN FRANCISCO,
\par 
\par September 5, 1905.
\par 
\par MR LUTHER BURBANK,
\par 
\par <emph>Santa Rosa, California</emph>.
\par 
\par <emph>My dear Sir </emph>: At a meeting of the American Anthropological Association held at Berkeley, August 31st, the following resolution was unanimously adopted:
\par 
\par <emph>Resolved </emph>: That the Association desires to express its appreciation of the courtesy of Mr Luther Burbank in extending to the Association the very cordial invitation to visit his estate at Santa Rosa on September 1st.
\par 
\par Cordially yours,
\par 
\par C. PEABODY, <emph>Secretary pro tempore</emph>.
\par 
\par SAN FRANCISCO,
\par 
\par September 7, 1905.
\par 
\par DR CHARLES PEABODY,
\par 
\par <emph>Cambridge, Massachusetts</emph>.
\par 
\par <emph>Dear Sir </emph>: At a meeting of the Council of the American Anthropological Association, held in San Francisco, September 5, 1905, the following resolution was unanimously adopted:
\par 
\par <emph>Resolved </emph>: That the Council expresses its appreciation of the ability and self-sacrificing fidelity of Dr Charles Peabody in his capacity of Secretary <emph>pro tempore</emph> of the San Francisco meeting of the Association.
\par 
\par Respectfully,
\par 
\par A. L. KROEBER,
\par 
\par <emph>Secretary, Committee of Program and Arrangements</emph>.
\par 
\par SAN FRANCISCO,
\par 
\par September 7, 1905.
\par 
\par MR A. W. FOSTER,
\par 
\par <emph>President, California Northwestern Railway, Mutual Life Building, San Francisco</emph>.
\par 
\par <emph>Dear Sir </emph>: At a meeting of the Council of the American Anthropological Association, held in San Francisco, September 5, 1905, the following resolution was unanimously adopted:
\par 
\par <emph>Resolved </emph>: That the Council of the Association desires to express its appreciation of the courtesy of the California Northwestern Railway in tenderi
ng the use of a special car to the Association for its excursion to Mr Luther Burbank in Santa Rosa, September 1.
\par 
\par Respectfully,
\par 
\par A. L. KROEBER,
\par 
\par <emph>Secretmy, Committee of Program and Arrangements</emph>.
\par 
\par 
\par SAN FRANCISCO,
\par 
\par September 7, 1905.
\par 
\par MR RUFUS P. JENNINGS,
\par 
\par <emph>California Promotion Committee, 25 New Montgomery St., San Francisco</emph>.
\par 
\par <emph>Dear Sir </emph>: At a meeting of the Council of the American Anthropological Association, held in San Francisco, September 5, 1905, the following resolution was unanimously adopted:
\par 
\par <emph>Resolved </emph>: That the Council of the Association desires to express its appreciation of the courtesies and efforts extended by the California Promotion Committee on behalf of the Association, in connectio
n with the meeting and excursions of the Association in San Francisco, August 29th to September 2d.
\par 
\par Respectfully,
\par 
\par C. PEABODY, <emph>Secretary pro tempore</emph>.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13448032 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100aa5225dfc60600008b1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595d8bdb46147d2ff43f08bd3bfe92fcb1c41b6cd9ceb6d94d42eca4e4716c8fadc98e344633de8d0981923c160aa569e943037deb
43691b48a02fe9afd936a54d217fa17746b63c638fbb9b2585a5640d8b343af7ce997bafce1d4997afdc8fa87384134e58dc708b970aae83e3211b9178d2706f
f7bbb99aeb7081e211a22cc60d778eb97b65f7c30f2ea31d11e2083b601ff31dd4704321a63bf93c1fc230e297d814c7706dcc920809384d26f951828ec16f44
f3a542a1928f10895d274611b8bd311e932176fad2a5bbbb74dea1701a0b2e078634e949d7d8b050d8d1615122f89c0734718e106db830cf881df7f17de13a14
7101171a6e41fdb9f9ddcb79b4b330a2628bad66d7557f0bbb85c1e8b0a4e64c26836c52cff3bd4a33f3af00546ce23ad54ea553c9fc29001a0e61a52917dda7
dfaab7dafe02ab81d2438bef76b55d2e1a78cd7f798373d3973f03af40a97f6f03dfed06104503af4029dedfc07b5eb51478065e81527c65035f2d34db5ed5c0
2b5048497cb8812ef89572b05c6d061933ba6785d77daf5b2d2d9caf50500d5975c929c62c16db6a2d42f758d2058004522448ec88f9148fd110aa3840940c12
e2ec93490885374531e3305c2815ba8532fc973f4f1da988a01d8c346bc90b98f08d21c9c7e1c3844c45c3fd18bcba1ae4cdcb1fdfbc7cee9c3c7a71f2e89793
c78f4f1efd9c3a32acf6503cd1ad5e7fffc5df4f3f75fe7afeddeb275fd9f15cc7fffed367bffdfaa51d082b5d85e0d5d7cffe78f1ecd5379ffff9c3130bbc99
a0810eef930873e73a3e766eb10816a6426032c783e4ed2cfa2122ba45339e701423398bc57f478406fafa1c5164c1b5b019c13b09488c0d787576cf20dc0b93
9920168fd7c2c8001e30465b2cb146e19a9c4b0b737f164fec9327331d770ba123dbdc018a8dfc766653d05662731984d8a07993a258a0098eb170e4357688b1
6575770931e27a408609e36c2c9cbbc46921620d499f0c8c6a5a19ed9108f232b711847c1bb139b8e3b418b5adba8d8f4c24dc15885ac8f73135c27815cd048a
6c2efb28a27ac0f791086d247bf364a8e33a5c40a6279832a733c29cdb6c6e24b05e2de9d7405eec693fa0f3c84426821cda7cee23c674649b1d06218aa6366c
8fc4a18efd881f428922e7261336f80133ef10790e7940f1d674df21d848f7e96a701b9455a7b42a107965965872791533a37e7b733a4658490d08bfa1e71189
4f15f73559f7ff5b5907217df5ed53cbaa2eaaa0371362bda3f6d6647c1b6e5dbc03968cc8c5d7ee369ac53731dc2e9b0decbd74bf976ef77f2fdddbeee7772f
d82b8d06f9965bc574abae36eed1d67dfb9850da13738af7b9daba73e84ca32e0c4a3bf5cc8ab3e7b8690887f24e86090cdc2441cac64998f88488b017a229ec
ef8bae7432e10bd713ee4c19876dbf1ab6fa96783a8b0ed8287d5c2d16e5a3692a1e1c89d578c1cfc6e15143a4e84a75f50896b9576c27ea51794940dabe0d09
6d329344d942a2ba1c9441520fe610340b09b5b277c2a26e615193ee97a9da6001d4b2acc0d6c9810d57c3f53d30012378a242148f649ed2542fb3ab92f92e33
bd2d984605c03e625901ab4cd725d7adcb93ab4b4bed0c99364868e566925091513d8c87688417d52947cf42e36d735d5fa5d4a02743a1e683d25ad1a8d6fe8d
c579730d76ebda40635d2968ec1c37dc4ad9879219a269c31dc3633f1c4653a81d2eb7bc884ee0ddd95024e90d7f1e6599265cb4110fd3802bd149d520220227
0e2551c395cbcfd24063a5218a5bb104827061c9d541562e1a3948ba99643c1ee3a1d0d3ae8dc848a7a7a0f0a95658af2af3f383a5259b41ba7be1e8d819d059
720b4189f9d5a20ce0887078fb534ca33922f03a3313b255fdad35a685eceaef13550da5e3884e43b4e828ba98a77025e5191d7596c5403b5bac1902aa8564d1
080713d960f5a01add34eb1a2987ad5df7742319394d34573dd35015d935ed2a66ccb06c036bb13c5f93d7582d430c9aa677f854bad725b7bed4bab57d42d625
20e059fc2c5df70c0d41a3b69acca026196fcab0d4ecc5a8d93b960b3c85da599a84a6fa95a5dbb5b8653dc23a1d0c9eabf383dd7ad5c2d078b9af549156df3d
f44f136c700fc4a30d2f81675470954af8f09020d810f5d49e24950db845ee8bc5ad0147ce2c210df741c16f7a41c90f72859adfc97965af90abf9cd72aee9fb
e562c72f16daadd243682c228c8a7efacda50bafa2e87cf1e5458d6f7c7d89966fdb2e0d599467eaeb4a5e11575f5f8aa5ed5f5f1c02a2f3a052ead6cbf55625
572f37bb39afddaae5ea41a5956b57826abbdb0efc5abdfbd0758e14d86b9603afd2a9e52ac520c8799582a45fabe7aa5ea9d4f4aacd5ac76b3e5c6c6360e5a9
7c2c6201e155bc76ff010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f
7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be
9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980
ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5b
babac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e
745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72656c732f
2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f7468656d652f74
68656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100aa5225dfc60600008b1a00001600000000000000000000000000d6020000746865
6d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000d00900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cb0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e500000000000000000000000000b5
cd211fcacf01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}