{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31506\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f37\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\f42\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Segoe UI;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f50\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f50\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f413\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f414\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f416\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f417\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f418\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f419\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f420\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f421\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\f463\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Segoe UI CE;}{\f464\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Segoe UI Cyr;}
{\f466\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Segoe UI Greek;}{\f467\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Segoe UI Tur;}{\f468\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Segoe UI (Hebrew);}{\f469\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Segoe UI (Arabic);}
{\f470\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Segoe UI Baltic;}{\f471\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Segoe UI (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \f31506\fs22 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\contextualspace \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 \styrsid1966978 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f31506\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs16 \sbasedon10 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid8729888 annotation reference;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\contextualspace \rtlch\fcs1 
\af31507\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 \slink17 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid8729888 annotation text;}{\*\cs17 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs20 
\sbasedon10 \slink16 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid8729888 Comment Text Char;}{\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\contextualspace \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af31507\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon16 \snext16 \slink19 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid8729888 annotation subject;}{\*\cs19 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs20 
\sbasedon17 \slink18 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid8729888 Comment Subject Char;}{\s20\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\contextualspace \rtlch\fcs1 \af42\afs18\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f42\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext20 \slink21 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid8729888 Balloon Text;}{\*\cs21 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af42\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f42\fs18 
\sbasedon10 \slink20 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid8729888 Balloon Text Char;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1966978\rsid3676831\rsid8729888\rsid8739874\rsid14183413\rsid14252671\rsid15468398}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0
\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\author SCHWEBEL, SARA}{\operator Rachel Manuszak}{\creatim\yr2017\mo5\dy6\hr13\min36}{\revtim\yr2017\mo5\dy6\hr13\min36}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages16}{\nofwords9130}{\nofchars52041}
{\nofcharsws61049}{\vern31}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont1\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen
\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\viewnobound1\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel
\wrppunct\asianbrkrule\rsidroot8739874\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit\usenormstyforlist\noindnmbrts\felnbrelev\nocxsptable\indrlsweleven\noafcnsttbl\afelev\utinl\hwelev\spltpgpar\notcvasp\notbrkcnstfrctbl\notvatxbx\krnprsnet\cachedcolbal \nouicompat \fet0
{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\nofeaturethrottle1\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid8739874\contextualspace \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8739874 ART. III.&#8212;RESEARCHES IN THE KJ\'d6KKENM\'d6DDINGS AND GRAVES OF A FORMER POPULATION OF THE SANTA BARBARA ISLANDS AND THE ADJACENT MAINLAND.*
\par 
\par BY PAUL SCHUMACHER.
\par 
\par PLATES 9-22.
\par 
\par In compliance with instructions from the Smithsonian Institution, given April 11, 1875, I at once made preparations for the early start of an expedition to Southern California, to the group of islands in the Santa Barbara Channel and the neighboring mainl
and (Map 1) [Plate 9]. {\*\atrfstart 481841131}
The principal aim of the expedition to this region was the collection of implements left by the former inhabitants, the observation of particulars in connection with such finds, the description of the mode of burial practiced by these
 people, and the delineation of topographical characteristics, together with the preparation of sketches of such former settlements.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid8729888 {\*\atrfend 481841131}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor 
SCHWEBEL, SARA}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 481841131}{\*\atndate -951345907}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\contextualspace \rtlch\fcs1 
\af31507\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid8729888 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8729888 origins}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8739874 
\par 
\par With three hired men and a camp-outfit, I left San Francisco on May the 4th, on board of the United States revenue-cutter Richard Rush, Captain Baker. On the following day, we were landed on the island of San Miguel (Map 2) [Plate 10], the most western of
 
the group in Santa Barbara Channel, and seeming to be a barren bank of sand rising from the ocean when approached form the northwest. From the northern bold point to the eastern end, with the exception of a break formed by Cuyler Harbor, the shores are ro
c
ky and high; and from here along the southern side, toward the low, sandy west end, a smooth ridge, about 500 feet high, abruptly ends in a bold shore-line. On the north side this brown, dry, and dusty-appearing elevation slopes steeply, and is arrested b
y
 immense dunes of drifting sand, which extend from the west end in innumerable ridges of most varied formation, and nearly half the width of the island, to the north point. Sand driven by northwest winds is drifting into the bay, which is being gradually 
f
illed in at its northwest side, where the dunes descend in a steep decline to the water's edge, and their base is washed by the ocean. At the entrance of the neat little bay, in which vessels may find good anchorage and shelter lies an islet, and between 
it and the eastern end of the bay extends a reef, over which heavy swells usually break, leaving a channel between the rocky islet and the western terminus of the harbor.
\par 
\par <note type="end" place="bottom">[<hi rend="superscript">*</hi>See note to Art. II, p. 27. A portion of this paper was published in a German periodical (<emph>Archiv f\'fc
r Anthropologie</emph>, vol. viii, p. 223). The descriptions are mainly topographical, rather than arch\'e6ological.&#8212;ED.]</note>
\par 
\par On San Miguel Island are two small perennial springs; one is situated several hundred yards below the <emph>adobe</emph> building at the bay, and the other, with a little better quality of water, on the elevated northern point.
\par 
\par The vegetation consists of low bushes, cactus, and grass, but no trees. At our visit, the island, which is a Government possession, was "dried up", being overstocked with starving sheep.
\par 
\par With much difficulty we moved our camp through the shifting sand up the western shore of Cuyler Harbor, where the best boat-landing is offered, and found there on shell-mounds room enough to erect our tents.
\par 
\par The kitchen-middings, or kj\'f6kkenm\'f6ddings, of a former people are found all over the island where sandy ground is met with. This singular mixture of all kinds of shells, bones, rocks, 
and flint-chips, spread usually over a space of about a hundred yards square, and to a depth of five feet, although the extent and depth of such shell deposits vary greatly, is found on both sides of the harbor, especially over its northern point, also al
ong the northwest side to the west end, and covers in great masses the low, sandy, western extremity of the island. The deposits of the kj\'f6kkenm\'f6
ddings are much exposed to the strong northwest wind, and, as they are located on loose sand, are laid bare by i
ts action, offering therefore good facilities for surface collections. But of these the casual visitors to the island, mostly persons interested in stock-raising, excursionists, and amateur curiosity-hunters, have picked up or destroyed the best, and much
 
of what was left had been collected several months previously to our visit by Mr. Dall, of the United States Coast Survey, during a short visit to this island. Of the small surface collection made here, I consider an unfinished mortar the most interesting
 
article, showing in its partially rough and incomplete state the mode of manufacturing such a utensil by the aborigines. But my attention was especially given to the finding and exhuming of the old cemeteries, which, as my experience taught me, promises t
h
e richest reward. About half-way, and almost in a line between the two springs, near Cuyler Harbor, I found a grave-yard, and soon another close by, which yielded about 250 skeletons, and many utensils, implements, and ornaments of stone, bone, and shell.
 Not far from the upper spring, another burial-place was discovered, which hardly returned any results[.]
\par 
\par The mode of burying was similar to that previously observed on the mainland, on the coast of California, which I described in the Smithsonian Report of 1874. The bodies were buried in the kj\'f6kkenm\'f6
ddings, because the kitchen-refuse offered here the only ground which is firm enough to resist caving, and also to prevent the winds from uncovering the dead, as would occur with loose sand. The skeletons were
 found from three to six feet under ground, and often from three to four resting one above the other, separated, if at all, by the bones of the whale. The bodies were deposited without any order as to position and direction of the face, being sometimes fo
u
nd face downward, lying on one side, or on the back, or face to face, or crosswise, and the bones in nine cases out of ten disturbed and displaced. This confirms my former opinion that the graves bad been re-opened, and the bones disarranged while fresh b
o
dies were being added. The bodies lay so closely together that at first, they seemed to have been the victims of a fierce battle, buried promiscuously in a pit. Close observation, however, indicates that the interments were made at different times, as imp
l
ements of shell and bone, skeletons, and remains of perishable partitions, often plainly show by their more or less advanced decay, and by the position in which they are found. It is likewise evident that the burial took place before the decay of the body
,
 although such was not the custom of some interior tribes, because we found the bones of some skeletons buried the deepest, and especially such as were interred separately from the others, in perfect order. Some were even still enwrapped in matting. To fi
n
d a skeleton at the bottom of a pit, at the depth of about five or six feet, especially if there be none above it, is considered by the practical digger a lucky hit, and causes him to work carefully in the removal of the slabs and whale-bones, and to look
 for stone-knives, spear-points, or strange stone implements, as it is supposed to be either the grave of a warrior, a chief, or a "medicine-man".
\par 
\par While on this island, we were much exposed to the grinding sand, driven in our faces like so much hail by a b
risk northwest wind that lasted day and night during our four days' stay. The preparation of food at an open fire became impossible, and most of our provisions were thickly coated with sand. Although we could have secured a boat be longing [belonging] to 
t
he schooner Matinee, then in port, attending to the wants of a number of shearers and awaiting a cargo of wool, a visit to the northwest and west ends of this island was prevented by a heavy sea, which made a landing impossible. Our party left on May 9, o
n the before-mentioned schooner, and landed in Prisoner Harbor on the island of Santa Cruz.
\par 
\par Santa Cruz (Map 3) [Plate 11] is probably the prettiest island of the group; in picturesqueness it equals and in vegetation excels Santa Catalina. It is mountainous
, with large stretches of rolling land, especially near the eastern and the western ends, where fine valleys, picturesque bluffs, and ravines occur. It is, according to the works of the United States Coast Survey, 22\'bd
 miles long, running almost due east and west, and from 1\'be to 6\'bd
 miles wide. Its greatest height is 1,700 feet. It has a fair shelter in Prisoner Harbor and in several places along the east, south, and west sides, such as Smuggler's Cove, Coche Prieto, Forney's Cove, and others. There is good w
ater in the different springs and creeks found all over the island the year round. Timber is found in many places, and quite extensive groves of conifers occur west of Prisoner Harbor, while stunted oak-trees grow on the high rocky hills and sides of the 
steep gulches, and low willows in the ca\'f1
ons. It is owned by the Santa Cruz Island Wool Growing Company. Near a good wharf at Prisoner Harbor stands a substantial <emph>adobe</emph> building, and back of it extends a beautiful valley, about 8 miles in lengt
h, which afforded us, near its mouth and on the banks of a running stream under old oaks, an excellent camping-ground.
\par 
\par Our party spent about one month, from May 10 to June 12, on this island, during which time we made explorations all along its shores 65 
miles in extent. Here we found the United States Coast Survey steamer Hassler, Captain Taylor, engaged in making soundings round the island; and as the Superintendent of the United States Coast Survey, Capt. C. P. Patterson, in view of the fact that the e
x
pedition was made at the expense of the Government, gave permission for the transport of our party to such places as lay in the route of sailing of the courteous and obliging Hassler party, it gave us a great advantage in prosecuting our work, and saved m
uch expense in sparing the necessity of chartering a vessel or hiring pack-animals.
\par 
\par Our main attention was again directed to the finding and examining of graves. From our camp at Prisoner Harbor we made trips to different places on the island, taking only the necessary provisions, water, and blankets along with us. We also carried some b
oxes in shooks, in which temporarily to pack our finds.
\par 
\par Our first station was at Tinker's Cove (Map 4) [Plate 12], a narrow fiord-like shelter for small craft only, with high walls on both sides that seem to exclude all possibility of a farther advance. Pr
oceeding from our temporary camp among the rocks near the sand beach of Tinker's Cove, we climbed the western face of the gorge, and approached the shell deposits first observed while passing on our way from San Miguel Island to Prisoner Harbor. We found 
the kj\'f6kkenm\'f6
ddings located on a plane about 50 feet above the sea, which is arrested a little ways from shore by a steep ascent with rocky outcroppings. The ground is rocky, and terminates at the beach in an apron of horizontal stratification, washed by th
e ocean, and, at low water, quantities of eatable mollusks can be gathered. Two hundred yards to the westward, on the bight of a shelter similar to Tinker's Cove, but with an inferior landing, is a small spring supplying drinkable water. Great masses of k
e
lp exist in the adjoining inlet and among the outlying rocks (of which but one appears on the map), where we may watch the motions of a great number of seals and sea-lions in catching fish, very abundant in these waters. One of the two burying-grounds dis
c
overed here was still well marked with whale-bones above the ground, probably not so conspicuous as shown in the sketch (A) [Plate 21] for the sake of illustration. Both were in the deposits of the accumulated kitchen-refuse, as the surrounding bottom bel
o
w its shallow subsoil was impenetrable for the tools of these people. In the arrangement of the graves, nothing was observed that materially differed from those on San Miguel. We only found here more wood in the walling-up of the graves and more charcoal 
among the <emph>d\'e9
bris</emph>. The graves yielded about 225 skeletons and a moderate addition to our collection in stone and bone articles. From this place we made a reconnaissance in the surrounding country, and noticed many shell-mounds located, rather si
ngularly, on high ridges and mountains, where water is distant and the place bare and much exposed. The shells on such places are better preserved, and it seems as if these people had moved up here the better to avoid contact with the whites while hunting
 
otters around these islands. The deposits, although very conspicuous by their bright color when seen from the sea, and scattered over large areas, are not deep, and we found by very few flints, some beach-rocks, but no skeletons, and therefore they may be
 safely termed temporary camping-grounds, as described in the Smithsonian Report of 1874. After almost a week's stay in our picturesque camp, the passing Hassler party took us up and brought us back to Prisoner Harbor.
\par 
\par We intended to make our next station 
at Smuggler's Cove, but the heavy breakers prevented us from landing, and we went on to Coche Prieto (Map 5) [Plate 13], a small cove on the south side of the island, of which Prisoner Harbor lies due north across the neck of the island. We found shell-mo
unds at the mouth of a dry creek ascending gradually toward the east side of the ca\'f1
on, while an older layer was found opposite on the west side, or the right bank of the creek. Here again, as in fact all over the island, with but one exception, the reason of digging the graves into the kj\'f6kkenm\'f6
ddings, was the difficulty of working the ground which surrounds them, as only the beach is sandy, while back of it the bottom is gravelly and the rising ground bard and rocky. The western cemetery was the larger one
; but, although we exhumed 140 skeletons, we made only a moderate addition to our collection of ethnological finds. The first fish-hooks of shells were found in the graves eastward on the small ridge. They are ingeniously made, and I shall speak of them m
ore explicitly farther on. We dug up a square board (<emph>a</emph>) [Plate 22], about 1\'bd
 by 2 feet, pretty well preserved, painted with a bright red color, and having small indentations in a depression which is bounded by a raised border. I was told by an 
old <emph>vaquero</emph>, with some Indian blood, that the board was used in connection with hot ashes to whiten the money-shell (<emph>Olivella biplicata</emph>) by a sieve-like action. The same individual explained the use of a perforated stone (<emph>b
<
/emph>) [Plate 22], commonly found, and so readily taken for a war-club head, as a weight to the shaft of the wooden spade. If one is at the first glance inclined to take this implement as the ball of a club, we also must admit the fact that we found many
 
of them split in two, as if caused by the wedge-like action of the spade-handle, and that no stone spades were found, which speaks in favor of the theory that it was used for the purpose stated by the half-breed, who was very positive, and earnestly tried
 
to impress on us the idea by roughly making the implement used by his ancestors as a spade. We also found some wooden relics, which appeared to me to have belonged to a canoe, made of board sewed with strings, and well painted with asphaltum. But, in the 
o
pinion of the <emph>vaquero</emph>, it was a part of a cradle. I may add here that the same half-breed assured me that he was present, some forty years ago, when the last few Indians were taken from their <emph>rancheria</emph> at Prisoner Harbor to Santa
 Barbara by the missionaries.
\par 
\par After two days' stay, we returned again to Prisoner Harbor. The next few days we spent in properly packing our collection made thus far on Santa Cruz Island, and also in examining the shell-mound located on the right bank of t
he stream, at its mouth, and where it forms a small fresh-water pond, or lagoon, before disappearing in the loose sand. Avoiding carefully the last resting-place of a sailor buried here some years ago, we found the graves a little south of the supposed as
t
ronomical station of the United States Coast Survey. Here we dug up about 40 skeletons, bat hardly any implements, except 14 finely-made fish-hooks with barbs, some of bone and some of shells; also some of the tools and many flakes of shells required for 
the manufacture of such hooks.
\par 
\par Joining again the Hassler party on their way to the south side of the island, we made a landing in a small cove designated as Los Alamos (Map 6) [Plate 14]. This place is very much the same in appearance, location of the moun
d, and of the two graves, as that at Coche Prieto. The returns were poor, although we unearthed about 100 skeletons. I will mention a piece of fishing-tackle, which was here, as on previous occasions, repeatedly found in connection with fish-hooks and bon
e
 fish-spears. It is a piece of a bright shell, varying, say from 2 to 4 inches in its longest measurement, differing in shape, but similar to the design (<emph>c</emph>) [Plate 22], which was fastened at the end of a line, and used, I am convinced by obse
rvations in exhuming it and by the explanations of old Mexicans and Indians, to attract the fish somewhat as in our present mode of trolling with a "spoon-hook"\'b7
\par 
\par Next morning we again undertook to land at Smuggler's Cove (Map 7) [[]Plate 15], near the east
 end, and this time was success, although the utmost skill of the officer in the boat was required to avoid an accident. Here we readily found the cemetery on the gradual ascent of the left bank of the creek, in a thicket of thorny cactus growing all over
 
this extensive shell-heap. Among the articles discovered, my attention was again arrested by a deposit of shell-flakes, as first found at Coche Prieto, and afterward at Prisoner Harbor, some of which were partially worked into fish-hooks, others finished.
 
Other kinds of implements were found, such as double-pointed borers, of coarse, gritty sandstone, flint points, and a whetstone shaped something like a double-edged knife. All of these kinds of articles had been found before, but never such a full assortm
e
nt in one place. I had before suspected that these objects were used in the manufacture of fish-hooks. I now was convinced of it, and as the tools comprise a complete set, I will illustrate them with several figures taken from the originals, which will be
 
found among the collection sent to the Smithsonian, and will describe the manufacture of the fish-hooks.* The figures <emph>d</emph> to <emph>h</emph> [Plate 22] represent the shell-flakes usually of the red-back abilone, as found in its different stages 
o
f finish, while <emph>i</emph> and <emph>k</emph> show finished hooks. The pieces were broken from <emph>Haliotis</emph> shell in coarse flakes, <emph>d</emph>; then perforated like <emph>e</emph> with the flint-point <emph>l</emph>; the hole rounded, as 
s
hown in <emph>f</emph>, by the double-pointed borer of coarse, hard sandstone <emph>m</emph>; then its rim worked into the shape <emph>g<emph>, for which any flat sandstone may have been employed. This done, the knife-like whetstone <emph>n</emph> was req
u
ired to work out the part shaded in <emph>h</emph>. With some additional touches, the <emph>i</emph> was finished, and fastened for use to a line, as shown in <emph>k</emph>. I have purposely illustrated in <emph>k</emph> a beautiful hook of bone, because
 
remarkable for its barb projecting, contrary to the modern style, from the outside of the curve of the hook. The shank of this rare hook showed still a part of the line, attached in the manner as shown, thickly coated and preserved by asphaltum. [These fi
gures are all on Plate 22.]
\par 
\par While the excavation was being prosecuted by experienced and careful workmen, I searched the neighborhood, and discovered at the point of the cove, which lies about three-fourths of a mile almost due south from the burying-place
, unusual signs of a former settlement, and the headstones of the graves, consisting of huge whale-bones, nearly covered up by a luxuriant growth of cactus, so omnipresent on this island. The slope of the extreme point, which ends abruptly in a high bluff
,
 with detached rocks washed by the sea, was leveled for the better erection of the few houses. Cobble-stones had been planted in a row as an embankment, and the space filled up with earth removed from the elevated portion back of it. This afforded room fo
r
 a few houses, whose former existence was still plainly indicated by the several depressions. In the graves at the point, a wooden sword of a Roman pattern was found, having its hilt richly inlaid with shells, but in such a decayed condition that it had t
o
 be thickly coated with varnish for preservation, whereby the brilliancy of color of the shells and the good appearance in general were much injured. Anything made of shells will part in flakes as soon as exposed to dry atmosphere, and is therefore easily
 lost, or at least disfigured. The two grave-yards at Smuggler's Cove yielded about 200 corpses and several boxes of implements.
\par 
\par Our last camp pitched on this island was at Forney's Cove (Map 8) [Plate 15]. Before examining this place, I entertained the ho
pe of a rich harvest, as the shell-deposits are abundant here, and glisten on almost every eminence along the slopes, and even on the tops of the main ridge. The reef that extends from the outer end of the cove to a rock island, the singular formation of 
the point with its subterranean passages washed by the sea, and the rocky surroundings on all sides, with its masses of kelp and sea-weed, make this the best portion of the island as to the
\par 
\par <note type="end" place="bottom">*I have given a full illustrated description of the manufacture of fish-hooks in the "Archiv f\'fcr Anthropologie", vol. viii, page 223 <emph>seq.</emph></note>
\par 
\par multitude and variety of mollusks and fishes. But as water is distant, the nearest being found only in a spring on the other side o
f the ridge, about two miles to the northeastward from the cave, not considering the climb, I was not surprised to find all these shell-deposits, with but two exceptions, the remaining witnesses of a temporary camp of those people who came here from the o
t
her side of the island to supply themselves with fish and mollusks. The largest shell-mound close to the cove is surrounded by a fence for a sheep-fold in the time of wool-clip, and we can no longer find any signs of houses or graves, although much of the
 
characteristic material which stamps such places as permanent settlements, such as water-worn rocks, flint chips, whale-bones, &amp;c., is found. About a mile's walk along the shore to the eastward, we found two shell-mounds moderate in circumference, but
 
considerable in height. We found graves on the eastern shell-mound. They were, strange to say, dug in the sites, or depressions, of former houses, three of which contained skeletons. It seems that this shell-mound was the first deserted, and was afterward
 used for a burying-ground (for which the depressions of the houses suited), to the neglect of the older cemetery, which could be traced, by several remaining skeletons, near the brink of the bight adjacent to the graves. The kenm\'f6
ddings, as we had occasion
 to observe them at Tinker's Cove, Coche Prieto, Los Alamos, and especially here, appear to be located on a sand-bank built by the hands of the aborigines. If the underlying bank had been built by drifts, the winds, in connection with the adjoining sand-b
e
ach, would have caused a different shape, if not a different location, of the bank, as it occurs at the above-named places, or would leave traces of its action beyond the limits of the shell-deposits, which is not the case here. This observation was made 
only on settlements where the ground is rocky. About five miles to the eastward, at the month of Ca\'f1
ada del Pozo, but difficult to reach by land on account of its rough topography, is reported an extensive shell-mound, which I readily noticed from the steam
er, but, as a landing is not possible at all times, we were prevented from visiting it. On the north side of the mainland, between Punta Diablo and the spring near the west end, may doubtless be found some graves among the many shell-mounds, although most
 of them, especially those located on high slopes, served as temporary camping-grounds. Between the two before-mentioned places, at the shore, and water-mark, a cave is reported, "filled with human bones
\par and curious implements". I was able to trace the repo
rt to a fisherman, who pretended to have discovered the cave by accident. In consideration of the great work required to search all the indentations of a most irregular and dangerous shore at least eight miles in length, accessible only by boat, where the
 
cliffs and innumerable cave-like recesses form such picturesque sights, and spuming, thundering spout-holes reveal hidden abysses, I thought it wise to offer a reward for his guidance to the cave, but even after I had doubled the amount, which was more th
an a week's good luck in fishing, he failed to put in an appearance for a passage over to the island. It may be that the cave is in existence, but as to human bones and curious things I found myself often deceived.
\par 
\par While at Forney's Cove, we enjoyed the vi
sits of Dr. J. T. Rothrock, Dr. Oscar Loew, and Mr. H. W. Henshaw, all members of the scientific corps of Lieutenant Wheeler's exploring expedition. Being on their way to Los Angeles, the rendezvous for the members of that expedition, they made a close co
nnection with the island by steamer Hassler, and having a few days' spare time, joined us in our rough camp at Forne's Cove, to observe our excavations, and also do some work themselves in their respective branches.
\par 
\par Returned again to Prisoner Harbor, we fi
nished the packing of our collection, which amounted already to twenty-five large boxes, and had them properly addressed to a warehouse in San Francisco, with which arrangement for their reception had previously been made.
\par 
\par I wish to say a few words in relation to the early history of the two islands already worked up. 
\par 
\par Santa Cruz, Santa Rosa, and San Miguel, it is well known, were discovered by Cabrillo in 1542, and named by him San Lucas. He died in a harbor in one of these islands. The record says:&#821
2;"He sailed from Monterey Bay, and anchored on the 23d of November, 1542, in a harbor in one of the group mentioned before, and named by him San Lucas....." "On San Lucas, Juan Rodriguez Cabrillo was buried on the 3d of January, 1543. The port in which h
e
 died was called Juan Rodriguez." There seems to be hardly any doubt that the port selected by Cabrillo among the group as a shelter was the present Cuyler Harbor, which is the only well-protected port in the three islands. Water is obtainable in two spri
n
gs the year round, and is plentiful in the season in which his stay occurred. Further, the record says:&#8212;"Ferrelo, his pilot (forced by strong winds to return from his northern trip, made in compliance with the wishes of the dying commander to procee
d
 as far to the north as possible), dared not to re-enter this port on account of dangerous breakers at its entrance." This corresponds entirely with the appearance of Cuyler Harbor during the time of rough sea, because from the eastern side of the bay to 
t
he rock-islet heavy breakers roll over the partially exposed reef and the rocks in the bay a little to the westward of it, so that, coming from the northwest, its way of approach, the entrance seems barred by breakers and impassable. Taking Cuyler Harbor 
a
nd the ports in Santa Cruz and Santa Rosa into consideration as shelters, and comparing their natural formation with the historic record, there seems to be no doubt that the harbor on San Miguel, and not Prisoner Harbor on Santa Cruz, as some believe, is 
t
he port in which Cabrillo died. We did not spend any time in searching for his grave on San Miguel, where the best location is offered between the spring below the house and the east end of the harbor, but, to satisfy my curiosity, we dug in a place at Pr
i
soner Harbor, which was well described to me in a letter of a southern gentleman, and in a very positive manner, as the grave of Cabrillo, but in vain did we try to enable the Spanish nation to erect for him a monument in commemoration of his noble deeds.

\par 
\par I left Santa Cruz Island on June 12 for Santa Barbara, where I met Dr. H. C. Yarrow, in charge of Lieutenant Wheeler's scientific corps, making researches on the mainland for Indian remains. I joined him for a day while working at Galeta, and found this p
lace yielding large quantities of all kinds of implements.
\par 
\par In the mean time, the schooner Star of Freedom, which I had chartered, arrived with a party on board to convey us to San Nicolas Island (Maps 9 and 10) [Plate 16]. We reached this island at night-
fall on June 19, with the wind blowing lively, which compelled us to anchor at the south-east end of the island. We expected a campaign worse, if possible, than that at San Miguel, as the island appeared to be a faint lump in a thick fog-like cloud of san
d
, which was whirled densely over our neat craft, although we were a half mile off shore. On the low sandy flat, not far off, the breakers for a distance of half a mile rise to a great height, and cause a roaring like thunder; at intervals, when the burst 
h
ad passed away and the infuriated wind slackened in the rigging, we heard the howling sea-lions in the kelpy waters, if not at their rookery on the near shore, all of which failed not to impress with its wild charms. In the morning we made our landing, th
ough the sea was rough, and as the swells, caused by a strong current that passes, sweep the shore at an angle, care had to be taken to prevent the boat going broadside on, which would have been sure to capsize her.
\par 
\par The island, a Government possession, is 
a mass of soft, coarse, yellowish-gray sandstone, about 600 feet in height; its length is considered 7 miles, and its width 3 miles. The plateau, which seems almost level, falls off on both sides in steep gulches and ravines, where the eye is met by innum
e
rable cave-like outcarvings done by the grinding sand. The northwest end is sandy; dunes stretch across the island as far as the depression, on the end of which the <emph>adobe</emph> house is located. The vegetation is like that of San Miguel, and also r
u
ined by overstocking it with sheep, which are here found in a like starving condition. Near the house on the northeast side we found some malva-bushes cleared of their foliage to the reach of a sheep, which gave them the appearance of scrub-oak trees when
 
seen from a distance. There are few trees near the house, where a strong never-failing spring supplies the necessary water, which has, as on San Miguel, a mawkish alkali taste. The shifting sand has almost buried the house erected by the stock-raising com
p
any, and with it its old and only inmate, the superintendent. Farther on to the northwest, at the so-called Chinese Harbor, is another spring, with good water. It was on the northwest end, on the dunes, that we found the shell-mounds abundant, although so
m
e are found at intervals all along the shore toward the sandy flat on the southeast end, beyond which but few small ones exist. None exist on the southwestern shore; but they appear again at the northwest end about the Chinese Harbor. The mode of burial o
n
 this island is different from that on islands previously investigated. The bodies rest in separate graves, which we found were not marked by whale-bones, stones, or other material elsewhere usually employed, and lie on their backs, the feet drawn up, the
 
arms folded over the chest, and the head either resting on the occiput or on the side or sunk to the breast. The skeletons, as a rule, were facing the east, although other directions were observed. Many of the bodies show signs of having been buried in ma
t
ting coated with asphaltum.* Most of the skeletons and implements are laid bare by the winds, and those are often much worn by the grinding action of the sand. In a mound one mile northward of the sand-flat, at the southeast end, we found the whale-bones 
a
pparently indicating the last resting-place of those that accumulated the kitchen-stuff, but by digging into it found the ribs of whales to be the remains of houses rather than the marks of graves, planted in a circle, and their natural curve so adjusted 
as to form the frame of a hut in shape not un-like a bee-hive, which was in some instances quite well preserved.
\par 
\par Our <emph>modus operandi</emph> was here changed; spade and pick were dispensed with, and our party went over the shell-mounds and carried the 
relics to heaps, which afterward were conveyed by horses procured from the superintendent to our boat in the small cove, and thence taken by water to our camp for a careful packing. On this island two mortars were found, with the ornaments in high relief,
 
the largest and best made pestles and sculptures in serpentine, representing sea-lions, fishes, and birds, and other objects, showing a superiority in the manufacture of stone implements over the inhabitants of the two islands before mentioned. Remains of
 
fish-books were found plentiful, but, weathered out as they were, could not be saved. Together with the above-mentioned sculptures, several specimens of a hook-like implement were collected, made of serpentine; also a tube and pestle of the same material,
 
the use of which I was unable to trace. The money deposits of shells and stone on this island are very remarkable. They were found before only in graves, buried with their former owner, but here we found in some places on the shell-mounds, apart from the 
s
keletons, numerous small heaps of the shell <emph>Olivella biplicata</emph>, and some of the land-shell <emph>Helix strigosa</emph>; also pebbles of uniform size, about as large as a pigeon's egg, apparently coated with asphaltum, or burnt and blackened b
y
 fire; they averaged in quantity from a half to one cubic foot, and were evidently stored there and afterward exposed to the drifts of sand, forming conspicuous diminutive hillocks. We found as many as sixty of these deposits on one shell-mound. This, wit
h the position of some of the implements we observed, seems to point to the fact that the last inhabitants left or were taken off suddenly. We found, for instance, instead
\par 
\par <note type="end" place="bottom">*Asphaltum is plentiful on all the islands, washed ashore among the rocks. A submarine spring of it exists in the channel between Prisoner Harbor and Santa Barbara, and at several places along the adjoining mainland.</note>

\par 
\par of being buried with the dead, many mortars set in the ground to the rim, the pestl
e either in its opening or lying alongside, as if it had done its duty only some days before. On this island, more dog skeletons were found among the <emph>debris</emph> of the deserted hearths than on any preceding one, although in only one instance were
 
we able to collect many of the parts of a full skeleton; but we were more successful in obtaining good skulls. Tradition speaks of an extinct race of dogs that inhabited these islands. Even in 1857 a reliable gentleman thought be had seen some of these sa
m
e dogs on San Clemente, which be described to me as large, slender, coarse, and hairy canines, resembling rather a coyote or wolf than our better-natured domestic species. Whether the aborigines feasted on this last resort of a starving modern traveler, w
e
 cannot tell, although we know that they were not epicures according to our taste, as the many bones of sea-fowls testify. The red-back abalone is abundant among the shell-heaps, although none of this species is found on the island at the present time, wh
i
ch is proven by the modem shell-deposits accumulated by the industrious Chinese, who dry this shell-fish here in great masses for exportation to China. The material for the manufacture of sandstone mortars and pestles is found among the water-worn bowlder
s
 on the beach; articles made of serpentine of course had to be brought from abroad. Pots of magnesian mica, or even fragments of them, were not found, and yet the presence of driftwood permitted cooking, as plenty of charcoal bears witness. During our sta
y on this island, we obtained 127 mortars and about 200 pestles, and many boxes of smaller implements, trinkets, and ornaments, which swelled our collection considerably.
\par 
\par At the appointed time, the schooner Star of Freedom returned, and we left San Nicolas Island on June 30.
\par 
\par Although the time of two months, as proposed for this tour of researches, had nearly been consumed by the great ethnological results obtained on the islands already visited, and I was eager to do some work on the mainland to complete t
he series of my collections made in the previous year, I could not decide on passing Catalina, which, even by its historical records, promised such interesting additions to the island collection; yet I was aware of the magnitude of the work I had undertak
e
n to do in eight days, the time the schooner was to come and take us off, a work which would require a month's diligent activity in order to be exhaustive. If our short visit has, therefore, left much to be done, the cause can easily be traced. But by our
 
visit I was enabled to gather valuable information, and to give such hints as will make a search, if the necessary time is employed, a success, and reward a close observer with much that is new, and probably of still greater interest than the objects foun
d on the other islands.
\par 
\par The island of Santa Catalina (Map 11) [Plate 17] appears to be a long mountain removed from its base and planted in the wide ocean, whose waters are here wonderfully transparent on account of the micaceous bottom. This mountain, abo
ut 18 miles in length and 3,000 feet high, descends in innumerable steep gulches and ravines, and often abruptly ends in perpendicular bluffs, some of which are nearly 1,000 feet high. About 5 miles from its northwestern end, the island is almost cut in t
w
o by a remarkable isthmus, forming on the northern side Isthmus Cove, and on the other, the southern side, the fine but narrow port of Catalina Harbor. The two parts of the island are connected only by a narrow strip of land not 40 feet above water, and a
b
out 600 yards from ocean to ocean. It is sparsely timbered with stunted oaks and some willows, with plenty of water in springs, and several wells. Some mining has been done, but to no advantage. The island, which was discovered by Cabrillo in 1542, belong
s
 to James Lick, and is settled by a few squatters, mostly engaged in stock-raising, fishing, &amp;c. The Government barracks at the isthmus&#8212;quite imposing buildings in this solitude&#8212;are still in good condition, and offer now shelter to picnic 
p
arties from the neighboring mainland, as also to sheep-shearers in the time of wool-clip, some signs of which it strongly bears in the remaining filth and kitchen-refuse of the shearer. Rattlesnakes and centipedes are not scarce, and the former we caught 
on the very porch of the barracks. In addition to the small gray fox,[*] the only wild animal on the other islands, we find here the ground-squirrel plentiful.
\par 
\par At the Isthmus Cove, we found quite extensive remains of a <emph>rancheria</emph>, but all our e
fforts to find the graves of its former people were of no avail. Back of the marshy bottom at this cove several marks of houses are still noticeable, and there we found some graves. In front of the barracks still can be traced, on the highest ground of th
e
 isthmus, some slight depressions in the earth, where formerly houses of the aborigines stood, probably the same which Padre de la Ascencion, chronicler of Vizcaino's voyage, mentions in describing a temple with an idol erected on this isthmus. The idol w
a
s much looked for, but we only found the hind part of a stone figure representing an animal like a dog. Some pieces of a mortar of a very hard, brick-colored porous rock were found, of which material none had been noticed before. On the other side of the 
i
sthmus, at Catalina Harbor, the sides rise steeply, and the ground is gravelly and rocky. Here we find no signs of a settlement. With our boat we made explorations to the northwest and southeastward, along the eastern shore of the island. Toward the south
w
est, within a distance of 6 miles from the cove, we found many minor and shallow shell-deposits over hard ground, and in connection with them very distinct marks of two, three, sometimes five houses, but failed to discover any graves. All these places had
 
been overrun by miners, and we therefore found only fragments, where we otherwise could have made quite a collection in surface-finds. To the northward we visited a shell-mound, at Johnson's place, which returned no surface-finds, being so often visited b
y picnic parties, neither are graves traceable. Except a few skeletons
\par 
\par <note type="end" place="bottom">[*The animal here mentioned by the author is the <emph>Urocyon littoralis</emph> of Baird.*#8212;ED.]</note>
\par 
\par dug up at the isthmus, no others could we d
iscover within the reach of our boat-excursions during the limited time of our stay. By all the information I could gather, and by the circumnavigation of the island, I am convinced that the southeastern end is the richest part of the island, and promises
 
a good reward to a collector. There we find many small coves offering fine boat-landings, bold, rocky shores, with an abundance of shells and fish in the kelpy waters. Here also we may find the rocks used by the Indians for the manufacture of their house 
u
tensils, which are claimed to come from this island, where they were made and disposed of in canoe-loads among the inhabitants on the mainland, taking such necessities in return as the island was in want of. Only steatite is found about the isthmus, and, 
a
s it appears here, it was only used for making ornaments; but no magnesian mica, of which the cooking-vessels are manufactured, nor did we find any serpentine, of which the beautiful bowls and cups consist. But this island is very rich in varieties of min
e
rals, and it is therefore probable such rock is found, which, no doubt, offered a great field of industry to the islanders, considering the many utensils we have found already made of this material. According to the reports, there is no doubt that factori
e
s existed on this island which supplied the Indians on the mainland, even as far as San Luis Obispo and Monterey, with their cooking pots, or <emph>ollas</emph>. The rock must be looked for at the southwest end; and if any manufacturing has been carried o
n there, fragments will be revealed at the different coves, and guide the investigator to the quarries and factories.
\par 
\par Before leaving the islands, I wish to mention those which I did not visit, the reason being want of time, and to explain why I gave prefer
ence to those explored. The first island I passed was Santa Rosa, which lies between San Miguel and Santa Cruz. It is 15 miles long and about 10 miles in its greatest width; is much the same in appearance as Santa Cruz, only not so high&#8212;being about 
1
,200 feet above the sea&#8212;and more of the rolling-hill order; yet much of its shore-line, which is about 50 miles in extent, is bold and difficult of access. Having had better information as to San Miguel and Santa Cruz when I began the research on th
e
 islands, I visited these two first; and as the channels between these islands and Santa Rosa are only 4 and 5 miles, respectively, I was satisfied that the large collection made comprises about all the forms that may be found on islands lying so close to
gether; or at least I thought there was more probability of adding new forms at a distant island, as, for example, San Nicolas, which I therefore selected instead. I am well aware of the great deposits of kj\'f6kkenm\'f6
ddings on Santa Rosa Island, as I was infor
med of them by the owner, who is a reliable man, and I observed some of them while passing by. I was also told that many implements are scattered over the surface, especially where the contents of a cemetery have become exposed by the winds, and the bare 
s
keletons now bleach in the sun. Moreover, certain parties spoke of caves containing human remains, which may be authentic; but to this sort of promises I was treated on the two islands mentioned. My time and, what was more important, the amount appropriat
ed for this work had to be taken in consideration, as well as my great desire to get all I could discover.
\par 
\par East of Santa Cruz, with a channel of 4\'bd miles between, lies the bold and rocky island of Anacapa, parted in three by narrow passages. I passed this 
island from all sides, but could not discover any shell-deposits. It seems quite probable that there are none, as their exists no water on this island.
\par 
\par Proceeding 38 miles southeast, we reach Santa Barbara, the smallest island of the group. It has but 2 
miles shore-line, is smooth-topped, and about 500 feet high. A small shell-mound is found on this island, with some fragments of pestles and mortars. There is no water, and it seems to have served as a way station between some of the islands and Santa Cat
alina.
\par 
\par Thirty-five miles southeast from Santa Barbara, or about 20 miles due south from Santa Catalina, lies the island of San Clemente, one of those discovered by Cabrillo. It is a large island, measuring about 20 miles in length and 2 in width. The south
east end is high, bold, and rocky, and slopes toward the northwest terminus, which is covered with high dunes for many miles. I was informed by a gentleman of the United States Coast Survey of the existence of large shell-mounds on this island, especially
 
of one located on the high dune, of great circumference. A whaler, who usually spends the months of May, June, and July on Clemente to kill sea-lions, told me of natural basins, worn in rock on the high plateau at the southeast end, in which rain-water of
 
the winter is stored, the only water on the island. Although this natural reservoir may have been very convenient for the aborigines, it is well for the visitors to bring a water-supply from abroad, as it is no small task to reach the water here, and, ind
e
ed, on most of the islands. With the exception of Santa Rosa, Santa Cruz, and Santa Catalina, no island should be visited without bringing a supply of water. Even on San Miguel, although within easy reach, the water is distasteful. So, also, on San Nicola
s, where a landing on the northeast side, near the house and spring, is not always practicable.
\par 
\par Finally, I will say a few words as to the age of the deserted settlements on these islands. According to the records, the southwestern islands were inhabited at the time of the discovery, but not the northwestern group. The appearance of the kj\'f6kkenm
\'f6ddings, which I was enabled to compare with such remains occurring on the Pacific coast for a distance of a thousand miles, impresses me as not dating far back by th
e absence of that ash-like appearance which is due to the effects of time; and when I examined the shell-mound of Santa Catalina, corresponding to the very settlement which Viscaino mentions, I considered it slightly older than those investigated on Santa
 
Cruz and San Miguel. I venture, therefore, to say that the islands in the Santa Barbara Channel were peopled in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries by immigration of Indians from the neighboring continent, whose habits in building their towns, impleme
n
ts, weapons, and ornaments they retained, keeping up a close intercourse with the mainlanders. The depopulation of the islands certainly occurred about forty years ago, and is still well remembered by some people living on the adjacent mainland. The <emph
>
padres</emph>, about that time, took the Indians from Santa Cruz, Santa Rosa, San Miguel, Santa Catalina, and probably San Clemente; while Captain Isaac Williams, in the year 1836, then collector of the port of San Pedro, took the Indians from San Nicolas
 for the same end, viz, their subjection under the missions.*
\par 
\par We left Catalina Island on July 6, and anchored in Santa Barbara Bay on the 10th, having been detained by calm weather, which often prevails in the channel in this season. At Santa Barbara, I ag
ain met Dr. Yarrow and the other members of Wheeler's scientific corps, who told me of their great success at the place called Dos Pueblos. As their excavations had not been finished, and promised still great returns, I communicated the fact, and was requ
ested to do some work there.
\par 
\par Dos Pueblos (Map 12) [Plate 18], on La Patera rancho, is said to be 18 miles distant from Santa Barbara by the northern coast-road, and, according to the United States Coast Survey map, 16 miles in a straight line.
\par 
\par Here existe
d once two towns, or pueblos, which originated the name of this place. One town was very prominently located on the mesa-land, on the right side of the stream, near the shore; the other one, below, on the sloping left bank of the same creek. It is said th
a
t the creek had been the boundary-line between two tribes, distinct in language as well as in customs. There is also a speculation that this was the place seen by Cabrillo, and mentioned as <emph>casas grandes</emph>. However, we found this place remarkab
le for its kj\'f6kkenm\'f6
ddings, the appearance of its town-site, its old worn trail along the face of the bluff, and, above all, its location, which comprises the cardinal features of a well-located aboriginal coast settlement, overlooking the wide ocean spread
 before it, with its offerings of fish and mollusks, water near at hand, a fine game country back of it, and a sandy soil easy to work with the primitive tools of these people. The yield of the cemetery was extremely rich in all kinds of implements, altho
ugh a good part of it had already been worked out by my predecessor. It was observed that some parts of the grave-yard returned the more valuable relics, like utensils of steatite, spear-points,
\par 
\par <note type="end" place="bottom">*In 1811, a ship commanded by
 Captain Whittemore, belonging to Boardman &amp; Pope, a Boston firm engaged in the fur-trade, brought down from Sitka thirty Kodiak Indians for the purpose of hunting otters on San Nicolas Island, and left them there for two years. A feud arose among the
 
old settlers and the new-comers, which, it is said, caused the extirpation of the male islanders at the hands of the well-armed Kodiaks[.] When, in 1836, the last Indians were taken from San Nicolas by Captain Williams, a woman was accidentally left, and 
twelve years afterward discovered by Captain Nedever [Nidever], giving rise to many newspaper accounts.</note>
\par 
\par &amp;c., while other places in the same burying-ground compensated our labor with the common mortar and pestle.
\par 
\par The lower settlement does not in
dicate as long a period of habitation nor as large a town as the upper one. The graves are located in a sticky, dark ground, slightly mixed with gravel, and difficult to dig up as compared with the common soil of burying-places. The short time left us bef
o
re the departure of the steamer, after finishing work at the upper cemetery, did not admit of an entire excavation; and, on the other hand, the aspect was not inviting enough, and promised not sufficient work to our enlarged party for a stay to await anot
her steamer, even if my proposed northern trip had left us any time to spare. We had here five working-days for excavation and packing, during which time an addition of seventeen large cases was realized.
\par 
\par On the 18th and 19th of July, our party moved back to Santa Barbara, and I started on the following day to San Francisco.
\par 
\par After a trip to Oregon, which I describe in another place, I returned again to the southern coast of California, to make some further researches. My starting-point for this trip was Sa
n Luis Obispo. I left this place in the beginning of January, with two men and the smallest camp-outfit possible, for the Rancho de los Alamos, on which several graves had been reported by one of the owners of the land. Unfortunately, it was not as repres
e
nted. We also visited Alamo Pintado (painted alder), now known as Ballard Stage Station, which is said to have been once a great resort for the Indians in the early times of the missions. We made inquiry of the people at the station, and found them utterl
y
 ignorant of the existence of such a cave, which, as my informant said, ought to be "within a hundred yards or so" from the station. The geological stratification is not adapted to the formation of caves, and gives no hint where to look for them. After a 
s
hort, useless search, we were compelled to return for quarters at Bell Station. We went back to La Graciosa, a small settlement at the boundary-line of Los Alamos grant, and about eleven miles from the ocean shores, near the Santa Maria River, and there h
i
red a guide to bring us through the mountain-pass to a place at the beach about 5 miles to the southward of Point Sal. The existence of a shell-mound in that location was known to me, I having observed it two years ago with the aid of a telescope from the
 }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31585 \ltrch\fcs0 \f50\insrsid8739874 height of Point Sal, while engaged in the works of the United States Coast Survey. This <emph>rancheria</emph> is called <emph>\'d4
s-bi</emph> (Map 13) [Plate 19] by the old Spaniards. Its appearance is a grand sight to an eager collector, on account of the g}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8739874 reat masses of kj\'f6kkenm\'f6
ddings found here. Along the the shore are low dunes, and back of it a grassy flat, which extends toward the steep foot-hills of the Coast Range, and affords ample room for a settlement, which we still can trace in many house-sites.
 The subsoil of the flat is deep, and consists mostly of decayed shells of an ash-like appearance, which are of a greater age than those on the dunes. The dunes, extending half a mile in length and about a hundred yards in width, are covered with glitteri
n
g shells, bones, great masses of flints, and hundreds of tons of broken rocks and cobble-stones. Stratified rocks on the shore reach out to sea, and must have been formerly, as they are now, rich in shells, the adjoining waters teeming with fish, of which
 
the masses of kitchen-refuse offer convincing proof. The dunes toward the south are high, and partially covered with a luxuriant growth of chaparral and chemisal, the sheltered home of timid rabbits, quails, and other game. Water is especially plentiful i
n a stream south of the settlement, and of a better quality than in the gulch right north of it.
\par 
\par Early the next morning I went over the ground, studying the location of the settlement, the nature of the soil, and such signs as would guide me in the discove
ry of the graves; and, as their marks were still visible above the ground, I had no difficulty in finding a large cemetery close to the beach, which forms here a perpendicular bluff of 50 feet in height. In size, but certainly not in the yield of implemen
ts, this grave-yard could be favorably compared with the one on the <emph>mesa</emph> at Dos Pueblos, which returned about fifty boxes of relics, while here hardly four were filled. The large spear-points of chalcedony, one measuring 10\'bd
 inches, of which ei
ght were exhumed, were exceptionally valuable. The surface of the grave-yard, under which we found buried at a depth of 5 feet in the average nearly 400 skeletons, measured 600 square feet. If we now take on an average three skeletons one above another, w
e find that the surface space required for these three bodies was 4\'bd square feet, or 3 by 1\'bd feet, which would be the most convenient proportion to fit the doubled-up corpse of an aboriginal burial.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31585 \ltrch\fcs0 \f50\insrsid8739874 While in camp at <emph>\'d4s-bi</emph>, we encountered a hea}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8739874 
vy winter rain-storm accompanied by snow and hail, from which we had much to suffer under our light shelter, and which deprived us even of our camp-fire.
\par 
\par On the 25th of January, we started out to San Antonio rancho, where a cemetery was reported, which we
 found to be situated opposite the house of the stock-raiser Olivera (Map 14) [Plate 20]. This place we found nearly all dug up by the Spaniards for the sake of obtaining some <emph>ollas</emph> and mortars, which are a great addition to their meager hous
e
hold utensils in such an out-of-the-way place. The result of our labors here was very poor. Much disappointed, but with hopes of a change for the better, we went along on our difficult trip toward the mouth of San Antonio Creek, over a country which was h
a
rdly ever traversed by a wagon, and, properly, should be reserved only for the roaming <emph>vaquero</emph>. About four miles from the mouth of the San Antonio and a mile from its right bank is Burton's place, an old, dilapidated, deserted <emph>adobe</em
p
h> house, and back of it a small pond, near which a cemetery was reported. The house, the lagoon, and even some signs of former Indian huts, were readily found; but, with all the pains we had taken, the burial-place could not be discovered, and yet its lo
c
ation is clearly pointed out by the formation of the surrounding ground to be back of the pond. Likely, the loose and shifting sand of the dunes, between which it ought to be, covered it up. We remained that night in camp near the lagoon, and experienced 
a
nother heavy rain and hail storm. Wet and freezing, we sallied out early the next morning to make the mouth of San Antonio Creek, which had much swollen, and had to be crossed at the beach, where its waters mingle with the breakers of the ocean. The cross
i
ng of the creek delayed us many hours, and was attended with some danger. We had hardly become dry after last night's exposure in endeavoring to save our light tent, and now we had to plunge into the water to save our equipage, and rescue team and wagon o
u
t of the sandy river-bottom. We passed Point Perdernales, and dragged over a chain of dunes to the Lompoc landing, now in course of construction. About a quarter of a mile to the northward of this landing, we found quite a shell-deposit, and some signs of
 houses near a spring, but no graves could be discovered.
\par 
\par From this point, behind which is the landing, open to the southwest, but partially sheltered against northwest winds, toward the mouth of San Inez River, which is about four miles to the southward, 
we noticed old shell deposits, especially back of the wharf. The thick growth of chaparral prevents us from advantageously examining this place; perhaps the deposits were accumulated only by temporary visits of the Indians. At the right bank of San Inez, 
where a large <emph>rancheria</emph> was reported, we found no signs whatever. This river we could not cross on account of the late rains, and had to take our course up its banks. After a venturous travel over the hills and ca\'f1
ons, we reached the house of the Santa Lucia rancho, which estate, by the way, is very large, where another cemetery was reported. But I was soon convinced by the intelligent gentleman that holds it now at rent that nothing of the kind existed.
\par 
\par From the time we left Olivera's
 place, our trip was a chain of disappointments, and I therefore hastened to its conclusion. We returned again to La Graciosa, and without delay went to Guadalupe on our way to San Luis Obispo. At Guadalupe, a small jug of burnt clay was given to me by a 
h
unter, who picked it up at a southern branch creek of the San Inez River, about 10 miles from shore, in a secluded place, where he thought could still be traced the remains of an old Indian hut. It was found alongside of an oven, or furnace, as he calls i
t, in which he thought it was baked. The furnace, he says, was about one and a half feet high, made of clay, round, and had but one opening&#8212;none for the draft. It was left by him undisturbed.
\par 
\par From San Luis Obispo we made a trip, at the beginning of F
ebruary, to Morro Bay. We found at Morro Creek signs of an old <emph>rancheria</emph>. Farther north, at Old Creek, are extended shell-mounds, especially the one back of Stone's house, in the cultivated field, near the road leading back into the valley. A
l
though plowed, permission was received for excavations. We found there, as if to give perfection to our ill-luck of the last fortnight, the graves washed out by the creek. Three skeletons, one of which was laid bare and revealed the burying-ground, had st
i
ll remained in the bank of the stream, which is very swift in the winter, and had worked out here a small bight. Some stone slabs were also found, but our spades soon worked the virgin soil of the bluff. We made search in the bed of the creek for some imp
lements, which may have remained there, but found nothing. They were either washed to sea or carried away by passers-by.
\par 
\par In conclusion, I will state my opinion that there are but few places left on our coast south of San Francisco Bay which promise returns
 in Indian relics so valuable as the results of my work during the last year, and that in a short time, say five years, when the plow of the settler shall have obliterated the last signs which now still guide the collector in finding the graves, the imple
ments that come then to the surface will be destroyed or scattered among different people, and thus forever lost.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3890895 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100aa5225dfc60600008b1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595d8bdb46147d2ff43f08bd3bfe92fcb1c41b6cd9ceb6d94d42eca4e4716c8fadc98e344633de8d0981923c160aa569e943037deb
43691b48a02fe9afd936a54d217fa17746b63c638fbb9b2585a5640d8b343af7ce997bafce1d4997afdc8fa87384134e58dc708b970aae83e3211b9178d2706f
f7bbb99aeb7081e211a22cc60d778eb97b65f7c30f2ea31d11e2083b601ff31dd4704321a63bf93c1fc230e297d814c7706dcc920809384d26f951828ec16f44
f3a542a1928f10895d274611b8bd311e932176fad2a5bbbb74dea1701a0b2e078634e949d7d8b050d8d1615122f89c0734718e106db830cf881df7f17de13a14
7101171a6e41fdb9f9ddcb79b4b330a2628bad66d7557f0bbb85c1e8b0a4e64c26836c52cff3bd4a33f3af00546ce23ad54ea553c9fc29001a0e61a52917dda7
dfaab7dafe02ab81d2438bef76b55d2e1a78cd7f798373d3973f03af40a97f6f03dfed06104503af4029dedfc07b5eb51478065e81527c65035f2d34db5ed5c0
2b5048497cb8812ef89572b05c6d061933ba6785d77daf5b2d2d9caf50500d5975c929c62c16db6a2d42f758d2058004522448ec88f9148fd110aa3840940c12
e2ec93490885374531e3305c2815ba8532fc973f4f1da988a01d8c346bc90b98f08d21c9c7e1c3844c45c3fd18bcba1ae4cdcb1fdfbc7cee9c3c7a71f2e89793
c78f4f1efd9c3a32acf6503cd1ad5e7fffc5df4f3f75fe7afeddeb275fd9f15cc7fffed367bffdfaa51d082b5d85e0d5d7cffe78f1ecd5379ffff9c3130bbc99
a0810eef930873e73a3e766eb10816a6426032c783e4ed2cfa2122ba45339e701423398bc57f478406fafa1c5164c1b5b019c13b09488c0d787576cf20dc0b93
9920168fd7c2c8001e30465b2cb146e19a9c4b0b737f164fec9327331d770ba123dbdc018a8dfc766653d05662731984d8a07993a258a0098eb170e4357688b1
6575770931e27a408609e36c2c9cbbc46921620d499f0c8c6a5a19ed9108f232b711847c1bb139b8e3b418b5adba8d8f4c24dc15885ac8f73135c27815cd048a
6c2efb28a27ac0f791086d247bf364a8e33a5c40a6279832a733c29cdb6c6e24b05e2de9d7405eec693fa0f3c84426821cda7cee23c674649b1d06218aa6366c
8fc4a18efd881f428922e7261336f80133ef10790e7940f1d674df21d848f7e96a701b9455a7b42a107965965872791533a37e7b733a4658490d08bfa1e71189
4f15f73559f7ff5b5907217df5ed53cbaa2eaaa0371362bda3f6d6647c1b6e5dbc03968cc8c5d7ee369ac53731dc2e9b0decbd74bf976ef77f2fdddbeee7772f
d82b8d06f9965bc574abae36eed1d67dfb9850da13738af7b9daba73e84ca32e0c4a3bf5cc8ab3e7b8690887f24e86090cdc2441cac64998f88488b017a229ec
ef8bae7432e10bd713ee4c19876dbf1ab6fa96783a8b0ed8287d5c2d16e5a3692a1e1c89d578c1cfc6e15143a4e84a75f50896b9576c27ea51794940dabe0d09
6d329344d942a2ba1c9441520fe610340b09b5b277c2a26e615193ee97a9da6001d4b2acc0d6c9810d57c3f53d30012378a242148f649ed2542fb3ab92f92e33
bd2d984605c03e625901ab4cd725d7adcb93ab4b4bed0c99364868e566925091513d8c87688417d52947cf42e36d735d5fa5d4a02743a1e683d25ad1a8d6fe8d
c579730d76ebda40635d2968ec1c37dc4ad9879219a269c31dc3633f1c4653a81d2eb7bc884ee0ddd95024e90d7f1e6599265cb4110fd3802bd149d520220227
0e2551c395cbcfd24063a5218a5bb104827061c9d541562e1a3948ba99643c1ee3a1d0d3ae8dc848a7a7a0f0a95658af2af3f383a5259b41ba7be1e8d819d059
720b4189f9d5a20ce0887078fb534ca33922f03a3313b255fdad35a685eceaef13550da5e3884e43b4e828ba98a77025e5191d7596c5403b5bac1902aa8564d1
080713d960f5a01add34eb1a2987ad5df7742319394d34573dd35015d935ed2a66ccb06c036bb13c5f93d7582d430c9aa677f854bad725b7bed4bab57d42d625
20e059fc2c5df70c0d41a3b69acca026196fcab0d4ecc5a8d93b960b3c85da599a84a6fa95a5dbb5b8653dc23a1d0c9eabf383dd7ad5c2d078b9af549156df3d
f44f136c700fc4a30d2f81675470954af8f09020d810f5d49e24950db845ee8bc5ad0147ce2c210df741c16f7a41c90f72859adfc97965af90abf9cd72aee9fb
e562c72f16daadd243682c228c8a7efacda50bafa2e87cf1e5458d6f7c7d89966fdb2e0d599467eaeb4a5e11575f5f8aa5ed5f5f1c02a2f3a052ead6cbf55625
572f37bb39afddaae5ea41a5956b57826abbdb0efc5abdfbd0758e14d86b9603afd2a9e52ac520c8799582a45fabe7aa5ea9d4f4aacd5ac76b3e5c6c6360e5a9
7c2c6201e155bc76ff010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f
7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be
9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980
ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5b
babac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e
745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72656c732f
2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f7468656d652f74
68656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100aa5225dfc60600008b1a00001600000000000000000000000000d6020000746865
6d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000d00900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cb0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax374\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Mention;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Smart Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hashtag;}}{\*\datastore 0105000002000000180000004d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000409d
c85c8fc6d201feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}