{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch31506\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f37\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Segoe UI;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f411\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f412\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f414\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f415\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f418\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f419\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}
{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Segoe UI CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Segoe UI Cyr;}{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Segoe UI Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Segoe UI Tur;}
{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Segoe UI (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Segoe UI (Arabic);}{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Segoe UI Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Segoe UI (Vietnamese);}
{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}
{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}
{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\dbch\af31506 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 \styrsid4602059 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \sqformat Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs16 \sbasedon10 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid16350736 annotation reference;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 \slink17 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid16350736 annotation text;}{\*\cs17 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20 
\sbasedon10 \slink16 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid16350736 Comment Text Char;}{\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon16 \snext16 \slink19 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid16350736 annotation subject;}{\*\cs19 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs20 
\sbasedon17 \slink18 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid16350736 Comment Subject Char;}{\s20\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs18\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f39\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext20 \slink21 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid16350736 Balloon Text;}{\*\cs21 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs18 
\sbasedon10 \slink20 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid16350736 Balloon Text Char;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid341244\rsid1724788\rsid4602059\rsid7765281\rsid13448032\rsid16350736}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0
\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\author Sara Schwebel}{\operator Rachel Manuszak}{\creatim\yr2015\mo5\dy12\hr11\min23}{\revtim\yr2015\mo5\dy12\hr11\min23}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages8}{\nofwords3881}{\nofchars22128}{\nofcharsws25958}
{\vern32775}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves1\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont1\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen
\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot1724788\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit\usenormstyforlist\noindnmbrts\felnbrelev\nocxsptable\indrlsweleven\noafcnsttbl\afelev\utinl\hwelev\spltpgpar\notcvasp\notbrkcnstfrctbl\notvatxbx\krnprsnet\cachedcolbal \nouicompat \fet0
{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\nofeaturethrottle1\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sectrsid4602059\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid16350736 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid1724788 <hi rend="bold">LONE WOMAN OF GHALAS-HAT</hi>
\par 
\par By Rice D. Oliver
\par 
\par [...]
\par 
\par <hi rend="bold">F</hi>ar from the shores of Ventura County in California is the island of San Nicolas. The Indians called it <emph>Ghalas-hat</emph>. It is 70 miles from the coast. 
It is the last land off the coast, a lonely place where the winds blow hard and only the sound of birds and seals and the crashing of the waves is heard. The seals, sea lions, sea elephants and birds like this loneliness. It means that they can be safe fr
om the harm of people. Large groups of them have made their home on the beaches of the island.
\par 
\par <hi rend="bold">F</hi>or hundreds of years the people of <emph>Ghalas-hat</hi> lived on the island. They had learned to make homes from brush and driftwood. They
 knew where to find the bird eggs and how to kill a few animals for food and clothing. The playful sea otter lived in large numbers in the sea around the island. The sea otter lived on the abalone shellfish it pried from the rocks. It could be seen by the
 
Indians as it floated along on its back pounding the shellfish on a small rock it carried on its tummy. It would pound the shell until the meat broke loose and then enjoy a delicious meal. The Indians ate the abalone too, but they did not mind sharing it 
with the sea otters. The sea otter had warm fur the Indians could use for clothing whenever they killed one. After many years of living on the island, the Indians had learned to live with the resources of the island.
\par 
\par The Indians built boats and traded with Indians on Santa Catalina Island many miles away. They made their boats from the driftwood much the same way as the Chumash did. Sometimes they  made boats from the logs that drifted ashore too. 
\par 
\par All of this changed. {\*\atrfstart 419193110}The Russians came with their Aleut fr
iends from Alaska. They came to kill the otter for its fur. They killed the seals too. They did not want enough fur for their own clothes. They wanted all of the fur. They did not care if the Indians needed the otter and seals too. They wanted to sell the
 fur to people in Russia and Asia. When the Indians were in the way, they killed them too. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid16350736 {\*\atrfend 419193110}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn 
{\*\annotation{\*\atnref 419193110}{\*\atndate 657030500}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid16350736 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16350736 Anti-Russian sentiment}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid1724788 
The Americans came from Boston. They brought Kodiak Indians and left them on the island to take whatever otter and seal fur was left. More Indians were killed. Soon there were only about 25 Indian people of <emph>Ghalas-hat</emph> left on the island.

\par 
\par <hi rend="bold">T</hi>he padres of Santa Barbara Mission called the island San Nicolas and the people were called the Nicole\'f1os. They seemed to be the only ones who
 cared about the few people left. They asked an American sea captain to take his boat to the island and bring the people to the mainland for safety. In 1835 the ship came to the island for the people. When it arrived, a great storm came. The winds blew so
 
hard that the ship was in danger of being sent upon the rocks. The captain quickly had the people of <emph>Ghalas-hat</emph> pack their things and get on the ship. "We must sail now, or we will be cast upon the rocks and our ship will sink. Hurry, hurry,"
 he urged. The people hurried aboard the ship.
\par 
\par "Wait! Where is my baby?" one young mother called. She thought it had been brought aboard the ship by another person. She could not find it on the ship. She became upset. "It must still be on the island! We must go get it!" she pleaded with the captain.

\par 
\par "We cannot go back now," he said. "The ship will be wrecked, and we could all be killed!" He promised they would sail away from the island and would come back the next day and search for the baby.
\par 
\par The young mo
ther looked at the island. She knew the great dangers that were there for her child. The storm could blow the hut in on the baby. The wild dogs could harm it. There was no one to hold it when it was crying. Who would feed it? She saw that the ship was lea
ving the island. She must get to her baby now.
\par 
\par The waves had become very large. The wind was blowing hard. The island was getting farther away{\*\atrfstart 419193111}. "I must go to my baby!" she called, and she threw herself into the ocean.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid16350736 {\*\atrfend 419193111}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 419193111}{\*\atndate 657030502}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid16350736 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16350736 Jump overboard}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid1724788  The huge waves tossed her about and
 she had trouble keeping her head above the water. She began to swim, and swim, and swim. Her arms ached. She swallowed great gulps of salty water.
\par 
\par <hi rend="bold">T</hi>he people on the ship looked at her small body in the water. They could see her head 
among the waves. "She will never make it. Not even a strong sailor can swim in that kind of sea," they said. The captain promised he would come back and look for her. He sailed for San Pedro with the rest of the Indians.
\par 
\par The young mother finally made it 
to the beach. She had been tossed about by the waves. Her body ached, but she had made it to the shore. She was too tired and sore to stand, but she forced herself to her feet. She hurried to the place where she last saw the child. There was no sign of it
. She searched the beaches and the canyons. She looked everyplace. After many hours of looking, she knew the baby would never be found alive.
\par 
\par She fell to her knees and started to sob. Her tired muscles gave up, and she lay back in the tall grass and shut h
er eyes. For many hours she thought about her baby and what could have happened to it. She started to cry and cry. She cried until there were no more tears. Then she thought about herself. The ship was gone. Would it come back for her? Would she be alone 
here forever?
\par 
\par "Maybe they will come for me when the storm stops," she thought. There was not another person left on the island. The Russians were gone, the Aleuts had left, the Kodiaks were gone, and now all of her people were gone. She had come back for h
er child, but it was gone too! Now there were only the birds, and seals and wild dogs and the young mother left on San Nicolas Island. She had become the Lone Woman of Ghalas-hat.
\par 
\par The storm stopped the next day. She watched for a sail. None ever came. Aft
er many days she gave up hope of being taken away from the lonely island. She knew now that she would have to remember everything she had learned as a child. If she was to have a home, she would have to make it for herself. If she was hungry, she would ha
ve to hunt for food. She would have to fish, catch crabs or shellfish, dig roots, find water. If she wanted warm clothes, she would have to make them from the bird skins or furs. If she wanted a fire, she would have to start one herself, without matches.

\par 
\par <hi rend="bold">H</hi>er love for her child had brought her to the island again when all of her friends were leaving. Now she would have to meet a very hard test to see if she should take care of herself on a lonely island. Would she pass the test?
\par 
\par The cap
tain of the ship had planned to return to San Nicolas Island to see if the young mother had made it safely to the island and to bring her to Santa Barbara Mission. He never did. He had been sent to San Francisco and his ship turned over as it entered the 
bay. The ship was lost. {\*\atrfstart 419193112}Now there wasn't another large ship on all of the coast of Southern California. No one wanted to make the dangerous trip in the small Chumash boats. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid16350736 {\*\atrfend 419193112}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 419193112}{\*\atndate 657030504}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid16350736 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16350736 No boat available}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid1724788 Most people thought she had drowned, that if the young mother had made it to shor
e, she was alone and without any real hope of being saved.
\par 
\par The young mother knew the island well. It had always been her home. She could remember all of the places where fresh water could be found. She knew the best rocks to search along the shore for aba
lone and other food from the tidepools. She had learned which plants were good for food. She knew how to make a hut from the things she found on the island. Before all of her people left, they had shared some of these jobs. She knew now that she would hav
e to do them all herself.
\par 
\par One of the first things she had to do was the hardest. She would have to make a fire to keep warm on the cold foggy nights and to cook her food. This was something she had not done before. The fires had always been kept burning. T
here were no matches on Ghalas-hat. Keeping the fires going was important. At night it could be cold on the island. Fires kept the wild dogs away from camp too. The dogs had been left on the island by ships and had become wild and mean.
\par 
\par <hi rend="bold">W<
/hi>hen a fire wasn't needed, the Indians covered it with ashes. This kept the burnt wood hot. When a fire was needed, the ashes were removed and dry grass was added to the glowing embers. By blowing on the embers, the Indians could get the fire to come u
p
 again. When the Indians had left the island, all of the fires went out. The young mother had watched some of the older Indians start fires a few times. She took some dry grass and placed it below a flat stick. Using a sharp shell, she carefully made a gr
o
ove in the stick. Then she put some of the grass close to the groove. She found a long pointed stick and rubbed it in the groove. It took a long time. She rubbed hard. She felt the end of the stick. It was warm. She rubbed harder. The stick was turning da
r
k from the heat. There was still no fire. Harder and harder and faster and faster she rubbed the stick. She saw some smoke. She blew on the smoke. Again she rubbed the sticks. Her arm muscles were getting sore. She kept rubbing. More smoke came. The grass
 
started to smoke now. She picked it up carefully and blew on it. She became excited when she saw the glow of the embers. She added some dry sticks. Again she blew. The fire burst into flames. "Ahhhheee!" she yelled. She had a fire. She knew she must keep 
it going. This became one of her most important jobs.
\par 
\par When the night came, the fire would keep her warm. It would help her cook her food. It would keep away the wild dogs. She would be able to use it for light. The fire would help dry her on wet nights. Sh
e always gathered wood for her fire. She covered the ashes to keep them warm when she left her camp. She carefully uncovered them when she returned. She would add grass and dry wood to the ashes for another fire. When she traveled the island, she took ash
es with her in an abalone shell. After many weeks of wandering the island, she had fires carefully hidden in many places. She was always careful to keep the fire away from dry grass. She did not want a fire to burn up all of her firewood or her food.

\par 
\par The y
oung mother built a new hut. She found some long sticks that had washed up on the shore. She dug small holes in a circle. She put a long stick in each hole and tied them together at the top. She took brush and piled it against the sides of the sticks. She
 
buried the outside edge of her hut in sand. She had thought about the cruel people who had killed so many of her friends. What if they came back for more sea otters? She decided to make her huts low and in secret places where she could see the beaches if 
they came ashore.
\par 
\par One day she saw a strange thing down on the beach. She couldn't tell what it was from her hillside hut. She ran to the beach and found some whale ribs. She often watched the huge whales swimming by her island. She remembered once when som
e had made a mistake and turned as they swam. They came right up on the beach. Her people had killed some of them and had much food for many months. They used the bones for tools and many things.
\par 
\par "These bones will be useful to me," she thought. She dragge
d them to a new place she had thought of for making a home. She arranged them to make the side of her hut. She wove some mats from the grass. It was a fine home. She was close to one of the places she gathered food. Fresh water was near too.
\par 
\par <hi rend="bol
d">O</hi>ne day she thought about her clothes. Some of the nights are very cold on Ghalas-hat. "The seabirds seem to be warm even on the coldest days. They have a fine coat of feathers." She thought about it for a while. Then she started to plan. Whenever
 
she trapped a bird or found one dead on the sand, she carefully removed its skin with its feathers. She dried the skin in the warm sunlight. After she had enough skins, she carefully sewed them together. She used pieces of bone for a needle. She used some
 of the hard parts of the muscles of birds for thread. She was very careful to sew the dress so the seams were hidden. Finally she had a fine dress of blue, green, and black feathers. She admired her dress and enjoyed its warmth.
\par 
\par <hi rend="bold">O</hi>n 
some days the storms came in across the Pacific Ocean and made even her best hut a cold and wet place. The wind blew very hard. These days were the ones that reminded her of how very alone she was. She remembered that day many years before when she last s
a
w anyone. She had never even spoken to a person for many years. She thought about this and made a new plan. She would make a huge pile of brush near one of her camps. Then she would watch for a ship. The first time she saw one, she would light the brush. 
The people on the ship would see the fire and smoke and come and take her to her people.
\par 
\par One day when she was watching the ocean, she saw a ship. It was getting closer. She ran to her fire. She thought how it would be to be able to talk to her people again
. Then she thought again, "What if that ship is full of the ones who killed so many of my people? They will surely kill me too." She didn't light her signal fire. She watched the ship as it went by very close. She hid low in the grass. It sailed by and wa
s
 gone. Then she thought again, "But, it could have been the ship of the people who would take rne away to my own people!" She began to cry. "Would she ever see people again?" She lay in the sand looking at the clouds above for a very long time. She though
t
 about the many years she had been alone. It had been ten years now since she had spoken to anyone. She was about 18 years old when she first came back to the island looking for her baby. In all of that time she had never spoken to another person. She had
 
never had any help from anyone. She had found and cooked her own food. She had made her own clothes. She built her own homes. She had found secret places all over the island. She had moved her main living place to a cave on one end of the island. She knew
 good places to store food where the wild animals would never find it. She was a person who could take care of herself, but she wanted to see people.
\par 
\par She had made some friends among the island animals. The dogs were too wild to come near. But one day she f
ound some pups whose mother had died. They were still playful and friendly. She fed them and they began to follow her. They were her friends for many years on the island.
\par 
\par She had thought about what would happen if she got injured or sick or too old to hun
t. She made a plan. She would hide food close to her many camps and always close to the few places where fresh water could be found. If she was too ill to travel, she would be able to crawl to each place. The many days she spent planning and making things
 
she needed helped her in her loneliness. She talked to the dogs. She spoke of the things she knew: the sky, the sea, the sea otter, the wind, the birds. She told the dogs of her sadness at being alone. She told them about the happy days when she had her o
wn child. She told them about the people who lived on the island many years before. They didn't really know what she was saying, but it helped to have someone to listen anyway.
\par 
\par <hi rend="bold">O</hi>ne day she was resting in her whalebone hut. It was one o
f her favorite places. She was watching the clouds above. Suddenly, she heard voices of men. She jumped up and peeked around the sand dune. There were men on the beach below. They were dragging a boat ashore. The sudden sound of voices had startled her. "
I must hide!" she thought. She began to crawl through the sand until she got far enough away that she knew they would not see her. Then she got to her feet and ran. Her dogs ran toward the men on the beach growling and barking.
\par 
\par The men looked up at the dog
s running toward them. They picked up rocks and hit one of the dogs. These pet dogs had always been treated kindly by the woman, but the men thought they were some of the wild dogs. The dogs yelped and ran after the Indian woman.
\par 
\par She had spent all of her 
life on this island. It was her whole world, and she knew every cave and canyon from one end of it to the other. She vanished as easily as footprints washed by the waves. Able to blend quickly with the sand and brush, she was soon safe from the searchers.

\par 
\par The men had come to the beach to search for furs and to fish. But they were not the cruel ones who had come many years before. They had heard the story of the woman and decided to search for her too. It had been 15 years now since she was left there, and 
Padre Gonzales had sent Thomas Jeffries to the island to look for the woman. He searched the island, and he found one of the huts. But it did not look like anyone had used it for many years. "If she ever was here, she is probably dead now," he told his me
n
. They returned to Santa Barbara with the news that no one was on the island. He told the people the island was 7 or 8 miles long and about 3 miles wide. He told them about the interesting hut made of whale bones. He showed them a cup he found. He also to
ld them about the many otters that were once again at San Nicolas Island. For many weeks the lost woman of San Nicolas was talked about at Santa Barbara. Was she there? Could anyone live that long alone on an island? What about the hut and the cup?
\par 
\par An Amer
ican seaman, Captain George Nidiver, heard these many stories. He wanted to find out if the woman could still be on the island. He wanted to find some of these sea otters too. He hired a crew of Indians and took his ship to the island. They landed on the 
b
each on a sunny day when the butterflies were there. The cactus were covered with yellow flowers. There was no sign of any human life. They looked around for a short time for the woman, and then they saw the seals and the sea otters. They lost interest in
 the search. They killed seals and sea otters. They made a camp on the beach using oars and a piece of sail for a tent. They stayed there 6 weeks.
\par 
\par They caught the seal when it slept on the beach. The seals were not used to people and were not afraid as the
 men sneaked up on them with ropes. Within a few minutes a seal could be caught, killed and skinned. The sea otters were caught by throwing nets into the sea where they played in large numbers. When it was very windy, the sea otter would bury its head und
er the kelp and would not see the man coming with their nets.
\par 
\par The men stayed until they had all of the furs they could carry in their boat. They took down their tent and rowed their small boat to the ship. The woman had been watching them and had been thin
king about going to them. How she would like to talk to people again. But she could not know for sure if they would be kind or cruel. She knew some of them were Indians, but she didn't understand their words. And she had not understood the words of the cr
uel men who killed her people.
\par 
\par <hi rend="bold">A</hi>s the men got into the ship and made ready to leave, a big wind came. The seas were boiling with waves. The mast broke on the ship. The anchor chain broke. The men had to work hard to save the ship. They
 fixed it and started sailing away in the rough sea, hoping to get away from the dangers of being washed onto the rocks.
\par 
\par One of the men looked at the island through the rough spray of the sea. "What a lonely place to spend even a few weeks. I don't think 
any woman ever lived there for years," he said. Just then he saw a figure of a person on the hill. He blinked his eyes and leaned over the rail to see better. "Look, look, it's her!" he yelled through the storm. The others looked at the hill as the spray 
got heavier. Soon the figure was gone.
\par 
\par "It must have been a tree," one said, "No, no, she was running along the hill waving at us like she wanted us to see her," he replied. But once again the ship had to leave and make for safer places. When the ship retu
rned to Santa Barbara they told the people of the strange sight. In July, 1853, 18 years after the woman had first been left alone on the island, Captain Nidiver once again sailed for San Nicolas. He was going to search the island until he proved one way 
o
r another that the woman was alive or dead or never on the island. He knew there were old huts and signs that people had been on the island. These could be hers or they could have been left by fishermen. He must have something better to prove if she is th
ere or not.
\par 
\par The first night they landed on the island and set up their camp. Captain Nidiver walked along the beach with Charles Brown, a friend. He looked at the waves washing in on the lonely sand. Then, suddenly, he stopped. "Look! There in the sand! A 
footprint!" It was a slender small footprint. And a whole trail of them led away from the beach to the low sand hills. "It's her. It has to be. She is living. After all of these years she still lives," he yelled.
\par 
\par "<hi rend="bold">W</hi>e are friends," he 
called. "We have come to take you to your people. Come out to us. We won't hurt you." He knew the woman must be very near. The waves had not even washed away her footprints yet. He felt very sad that he had been here before and not found her. "How lonely 
she must have been and how afraid of us not to come out." He thought of how she had been seen running along the hills waving at them.
\par 
\par They searched and searched for her. They found some of her hidden food. They found a new dress she had started to make out
 of bird feathers. They found her camps. But they did not find her. "She must know every cave and hiding place on this island," he said to his friend. "We will get the crew and start searching this island, and we are not leaving until we find her."
\par 
\par They s
earched for days. No one could find her. They began to think that the footprints must have been something else. The moonlight may have fooled them. But Captain Nidiver wanted to search one more time before leaving. Again they searched. Captain Nidiver fou
nd a piece of driftwood a long distance away from the beach. "Someone carried it here," he said. "She is here and we will find her."
\par 
\par "We are looking for a ghost," the other men said. "If she was ever here, she is gone now. We have looked everywhere. Let's go back to our families." But they knew the captain had made up his mind and they searched again.
\par 
\par Charles Brown climbed to the highest hill. He looked around the island in every direction. He could see the men searching along the shore and the hills. Then
 he saw what looked like a crow in the bushes. He crawled along toward the object "A bird would see me by now and fly away," he thought. As he got closer, he saw that it was the head of the Indian woman. She was hiding in one of her huts watching the men 
below and had not seen him coming. He stopped and watched her. He saw that she had a knife. He saw a small fire burning nearby. He heard her talking to herself. It must have been her own voice that kept her from hearing him.
\par 
\par As he walked toward her, he spo
ke. She quickly turned around. Her dogs growled and showed their teeth. She was surprised, but she called to the dogs and they became quiet. Suddenly she smiled. It was over. Finally a person had found her. She would be able to speak to someone. She could
 once again see her people.
\par 
\par The Indian woman wanted the man to know she was friendly. She gave him some food. He smiled and took it. He called to the others and they came. They did not understand what she said, but they knew she was happy to see them and t
o talk. They all tasted her food. They made motions to her to pack her things and follow them to the beach. She understood and took her favorite things. All of them she had made. She left her dogs. They had been her only friends on the island these 18 yea
rs. But they would be happier here with their own and in their own home. She knew what it was like to be away from your own people.
\par 
\par The Indian woman went with the men to Santa Barbara. She told the people there of her life on the island. They did not under
stand her words. They sent for her people to explain her words. Not one of her people, the people of Ghalas-hat, could be found. Many had died. Others had mixed with other Indians and were no longer a people together.
\par 
\par <hi rend="bold">T</hi>here were many 
sights at Santa Barbara that were exciting to the Indian woman. She had never seen a horse or a wagon or large homes. She had never seen so many people. She had never heard the church bells ring or the music of the singers. She enjoyed the sights and soun
d
s. She lived with Captain Nidiver and his wife. People came and visited and brought gifts. She always saved the gifts to give the children. She had lived many years alone and needed little. She loved the children. She often smiled and had tears in her eye
s when she saw a small child. She thought of that baby she once had on the island off the coast. It was dead. She had no child of her own, but she had done all she could to save it.
\par 
\par After a few weeks she became weak. She loved to sit on the porch with the 
children. She loved to sing to them in her own words. She loved to attend the church. She had been given a name by the padre. No one knew her Indian name. She was called Juana Maria. Mrs. Nidiver tried to get her to eat her native foods. Juana Maria becam
e very ill and died. She was buried at the Santa Barbara Mission.
\par 
\par Juana Maria never went to school. She spent all but a few weeks of her life on Ghalas-hat (San Nicolas Island). She spent 18 years of her life away from all people. She had seen the cruelty 
of people in the way they killed the sea otters and seals and even her own friends. {\*\atrfstart 419193113}She had lost all of her people. She was the last of the people of Ghalas-hat.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid7765281 
{\*\atrfend 419193113}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 419193113}{\*\atndate 657030515}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid7765281 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7765281 Vanishing Indians}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid1724788  {\*\atrfstart 419193114}She had learned her lessons of life very well. She knew how to care for her needs. She kept
 the fire burning. It never went out. She passed her tests and today her life teaches all of us what the commitment and the love of a mother for her child should mean.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid7765281 {\*\atrfend 419193114}
{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 419193114}{\*\atndate 657030515}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid7765281 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7765281 Noble savage}{\*\bkmkstart _GoBack}
{\*\bkmkend _GoBack}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13448032 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb6ac3301045f785fe83d0b6d8
72ba28a5d8cea249777d2cd20f18e4b12d6a8f843409c9df77ecb850ba082d74231062ce997b55ae8fe3a00e1893f354e9555e6885647de3a8abf4fbee29bbd7
2a3150038327acf409935ed7d757e5ee14302999a654e99e393c18936c8f23a4dc072479697d1c81e51a3b13c07e4087e6b628ee8cf5c4489cf1c4d075f92a0b
44d7a07a83c82f308ac7b0a0f0fbf90c2480980b58abc733615aa2d210c2e02cb04430076a7ee833dfb6ce62e3ed7e14693e8317d8cd0433bf5c60f53fea2fe7
065bd80facb647e9e25c7fc421fd2ddb526b2e9373fed4bb902e182e97b7b461e6bfad3f010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c00000
00360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4fc7060abb08
84a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b63095120f88d94fbc
52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462a1a82fe353
bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468
656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b4b0d592c9c
070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b4757e8d3f7
29e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100af2514d3ba060000581a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65
312e786d6cec59cf6fdb3614be0fd8ff20e8eefa9724db419dc296ed666bd216b5dba147daa62d369464887452a32830b4c701038675c30e2bb0db0ec3b6022d
b04bf7d764ebb075c0fe853d52b24cdaf49206390443938b457deff1e37be4f748f1eab58721b58e70c2481c35edf295926de168148f49346dda7707bd42ddb6
1847d118d138c24d7b81997d6df7c30faea21d1ee0105b601fb11dd4b403ce673bc5221b41336257e2198ee0dd244e42c4e1319916c7093a06bf212d564a25af
182212d9568442707b6b3221236c0d844b7b77e9bc4be131e24c348c68d217aeb16621b1e3c3b240b005f369621d21dab4a19f717c3cc00fb96d51c438bc68da
25f9671777af16d14e6644f9165bc5ae27ff32bbcc607c58917d26d361dea9e3b88ed7cafd4b00e59bb86eadeb75bddc9f04a0d108469a72517dbaed46bbe366
580594fe34f8eed43ad5b28657fc573738b75cf1afe12528f5ef6ce07b3d1fa2a8e12528c5bb1b78c7a9557c47c34b508af736f0b552abe3d434bc0405944487
1be892eb55fde56873c824a67b4678c3757ab54ae67c8582d990cf2ed1c5248ef8b6b916a20771d203800052c44964f1c50c4fd00866b18f281926c4da27d380
8b6ed00e46cafbb469c4369a448f161b2564c69bf6c73304eb62e5f59fd73ffef3faa575f2e4d5c9935f4e9e3e3d79f273ea48b3da43d154b57afbfd177f3fff
d4faebe5776f9f7d65c63315fffb4f9ffdf6eb9766202ca2159d375fbff8e3d58b37df7cfee70fcf0cf05682862a7c4042ccac9bf8d8ba1387303019159d391e
26ef66310810512d5ad194a108895e0cfebb3cd0d03717882203ae8df508de4b40444cc0ebf3071ae17e90cc393178bc11841af0208e693b4e8c51b821fa52c2
3c98475373e7c95cc5dd41e8c8d4b78f222dbfddf90cd493985cfa01d668dea628e2688a23cc2df12e3ec4d830bafb8468713d20a32466f1845bf789d546c418
9201196ab36965b44742c8cbc24410f2adc5e6e09ed58ea969d41d7ca4236155206a203fc0540be37534e72834b91ca090aa01df473c3091ec2f92918aeb320e
999e621a5bdd3166cc64732b81f12a49bf0102624efb015d843a32e1e4d0e4731fc5b18aecc4877e80c29909db2751a0623f6287304591753be626f841acaf10
f10c7940d1d674df23584bf7e96a7017b453a5b49a20e2cd3c31e4f23a8eb5f9db5fd009c2526a40da35c50e4974aa7ca73d5c9c708354bef9f6b981f76595ec
56428c6b666f4da8b7e1d6e5d98f9331b9fceadc41f3e8368605b159a2de8bf37b71b6fff7e2bc6d3d5fbc24af5418045a6c06d3edb6dc7c875bf7de1342699f
2f28de6772fbcda0f68c7bd028ece4b913e767b159003fc54a860e34dc3441d2c64a62fe09e1413f4033d8ba976de164ca32d75366cd62064746d96cf42df074
1e1ec4e3f4c8592e8be3652a1e0cf1557bc9cddbe1b8c053b4575b1da372f792ed541e77970484edbb90503ad349540d246acb46112479b886a01948c8915d08
8b8681455db85fa66a830550cbb3029b230bb6544ddb75c0048ce0cc84281e8b3ca5a95e665726f32233bd2d98da0c28c1778d6c06ac32dd105cb70e4f8c2e9d
6a67c8b44642996e3a09191959c35880c6389b9da2f52c34de35d78d554a357a2214592c141ab5fa7fb1386faec16e5d1b68a42a058dace3a6ed555d98322334
6bda1338bac3cf70067387894d2da253f8fe35e249bae0cfa32cb384f10e62411a70293aa91a8484e3c4a2246cda62f8791a68243544722b5740102e2db906c8
ca65230749d7938c27133ce26ada951611e9f411143ed50ae35b697e7eb0b08ce790ee7e303eb686749edc4130c5dc5a5904704c187cdf29a7d11c13f824990b
d96afead15a64c76d56f82720ea5ed88ce0294551455cc53b894f29c8e7cca63a03c656386802a21c90ae1702a0aac1a54ad9ae65523e5b0b5ea9e6e2422a788
e6aa666aaa22aaa659c5b41e9665602d96e72bf20aab6588a15caa153e95ee75c96d2cb56e6d9f90570908781e3f43d53d434150a8ad3ad3a809c69b322c343b
6bd56bc77280a7503b4b915054df5bba5d8b5b5e238cdd41e3b92a3fd8adcf5a689a2cf79532d2f2ee42bd5e88870f403c3af021774e3993a984cb8304c186a8
2ff724a96cc01279c8b3a501bfac79429af6a392db72fc8aeb174a75b75b70aa4ea950775bd542cb75abe5ae5b2e75da95c75058781096ddf4dea4071f9be822
bb3d91ed1b3728e1f27bda95511c166379435294c4e50d4ab992dda0c81b98a66dbc4ab108a8cf23afd26b541b6dafd0a8b67a05a7d3ae171abed72e743cbfd6
e9757cb7dee83db6ad2309765a55dff1baf58257f6fd82e395c438ea8d42cda9545a4ead55ef3aadc7d97e064290ea48161488b324b8fb2f000000ffff030050
4b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e
72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae9
95719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757d
a0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d00
14000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d
0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b000000000000000000000000002b0100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800
000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000140200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b
01022d0014000600080000002100af2514d3ba060000581a00001600000000000000000000000000d10200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e78
6d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000bf0900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000ba0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax267\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef1\lsdunhideuseddef1\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e352e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffffec69d9888b8b3d4c859eaf6cd158be0f000000000000000000000000d04e
9f8ec78cd001feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}