{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}
{\f38\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0502040204020203}Segoe UI;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f39\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f40\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f379\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria Math CE;}{\f380\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Math Cyr;}
{\f382\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Math Greek;}{\f383\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Math Tur;}{\f386\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Math Baltic;}{\f387\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria Math (Vietnamese);}
{\f419\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Segoe UI CE;}{\f420\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Segoe UI Cyr;}{\f422\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Segoe UI Greek;}{\f423\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Segoe UI Tur;}
{\f424\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Segoe UI (Hebrew);}{\f425\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Segoe UI (Arabic);}{\f426\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Segoe UI Baltic;}{\f427\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Segoe UI (Vietnamese);}
{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}
{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}
{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs16 \sbasedon10 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid9665286 annotation reference;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 \slink17 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid9665286 annotation text;}{\*\cs17 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20 
\sbasedon10 \slink16 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid9665286 Comment Text Char;}{\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon16 \snext16 \slink19 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid9665286 annotation subject;}{\*\cs19 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs20 
\sbasedon17 \slink18 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid9665286 Comment Subject Char;}{\s20\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af38\afs18\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f38\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext20 \slink21 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid9665286 Balloon Text;}{\*\cs21 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af38\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f38\fs18 
\sbasedon10 \slink20 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid9665286 Balloon Text Char;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid2106669\rsid2819219\rsid2893061\rsid9665286\rsid10897794\rsid13448032\rsid16526646}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0
\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\author Sara Schwebel}{\operator Sara Schwebel}{\creatim\yr2014\mo7\dy26\hr22\min50}{\revtim\yr2014\mo8\dy30\hr14\min32}{\version4}{\edmins68}{\nofpages13}{\nofwords5740}{\nofchars32718}
{\nofcharsws38382}{\vern57437}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont1\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen
\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot2106669\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit\usenormstyforlist\noindnmbrts\felnbrelev\nocxsptable\indrlsweleven\noafcnsttbl\afelev\utinl\hwelev\spltpgpar\notcvasp\notbrkcnstfrctbl\notvatxbx\krnprsnet\cachedcolbal \nouicompat \fet0
{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\nofeaturethrottle1\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid2106669 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2106669 THE SANTA BARBARA ISLANDS.
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 397171660}
ROMANTIC, isolated, almost unknown to the world in general, the Santa Barbara Islands have thus far almost entirely eluded the tourist's eye. Strange, indeed, it is, that in these days of travel and still-hunting for novelty, this natural museum of wonder
s should keep out of the route-books. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid10897794 {\*\atrfend 397171660}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397171660}{\*\atndate -953617518}\ltrpar 
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid10897794 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10897794 Wonder}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2106669 
Geographies and encyclopedias hardly mention this group, which in many respects resembles that unique cluster, the Channel Islands, off the Normandy coast.
\par 
\par But this omission on the part of book-makers helps to reserve 
one fresh, unbeaten byway for the few not content with the ruts of travel. These gardens in the sea are more lonely and untrodden today than for centuries before the white man's coming,&#8212;for before that event they were densely populated. Now they are
 little more than sheepwalks. Trespassing is very sternly forbidden by the various owners and lessees, and the aborigines that once must have enjoyed an ideal existence there have perished.
\par 
\par And few among the thousands who gaze admiringly over the leagues o
f shining water have even tried to visit these almost mysterious islands. To residents and strangers alike they are simply charming accessories to the mainland prospect. All the coast steamers and mail steamships pass in sight of the islands, but the only
 vessels that land there regularly are schooners that bring away our market supply of mutton. Italian fishermen and Chinese junk crews know the waters well and depend on them for inexhaustible fishing.
\par 
\par If smugglers also do not there ply their trade, they miss the best vantage-ground on the Pacific, as the lonely coasts abound in deep caves and convenient landing-places for small boats.
\par 
\par Avoided as they are now, however, these neglected shores had the distinction of entertaining the first excursion party to 
California, 349 years ago. Very restful and serene must have looked the Santa Barbara Islands to their first visitors from afar, when, one October afternoon in 1542, that gallant sea rover, Cabrillo, and his crew of buccaneers sailed up the blue and silve
r
 channel. Outside a sou'wester was raging, and according to the ancient diary, still preserved, of the <emph>Piloto Mayor</emph>, or sailing master, the two unwieldy vessels, a galleon and convoy, were right fortunate to make any sort of harbor. Finding t
h
is tranquil waterway as unruffled by the roaring winds outside as one of their own Andalusian lakes, the spent sailors rejoiced and hastened to cast anchor in quiet moorings near one of the "Islands of Rest and Peace, Where," says the chronicle, "neither 
gales nor rude tides disturbed the shelter."
\par 
\par The Spaniards remained here long enough to make an inventory of their discovery. On either side of the thirty-mile wide channel rose mountain walls. The lofty Santa Ynez on the mainland was margined by a crescen
t of rich coast valleys. The two larger islands, mostly precipitous at shore line, ascended with many a broad upland curve and terrace to a mountain backbone. Heavy woods of pine, oak, and ironwood, interspersed with meadows of brown grass, swept from cli
ff-edge to summit.
\par 
\par But it was not the forsaken, uninhabited region it is now. No ax destroyed the timber, no cattle or sheep browsed the rich pastures, but myriads of human beings had here their home. Smokes from thousands of fires spiraled the landscape a
s far as eye could reach, both on the mainland and the islands. {\*\atrfstart 397169963}
Cabrillo and his companions found the natives well-disposed, peaceable fisher-folk, who, though in numbers literally swarming the islands, subsisted with little exertion on the natural food supply. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid9665286 {\*\atrfend 397169963}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397169963}{\*\atndate -953690677}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid9665286 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9665286 Noble savage}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2106669 
They had many canoes and traded with each other and with the mainland. Then, as now, the channel teemed with many varieties of fine fish, both shoal and deep-water. Around the islands, in the vicinity of kelp b
eds and reefs, thousands of sea otter, seals, and sea-lions, found a breeding-ground. There were some forty species of mollusca, sea fowls and their eggs, mast, wild grains and berries, edible roots, land birds, wild fruits, and sea kale, to vary the bill
 of fare. The larger islands are well watered and the temperature that of the Eastern Levant.
\par 
\par Here the happy explorers spent the winter, diversifying their time by frequent forays to the mainland,&#8212;which they thought was another island,&#8212;and by a
n extended expedition to the northland. But Cabrillo in climbing the hills on Santa Rosa Island had broken his arm early in the winter. On the northern coasts exposure to the weather and bad surgery brought on a fatal illness. The bold navigator was fain 
to hasten back to his Bueno Porto island shelter, but died soon after, and was buried.
\par 
\par The spot where his bones found final "rest and peace " is by some authorties said to be on the island of La Posesion,&#8212;now San Miguel,&#8212;near Cuyler's Harbor; t
hough centuries and the drifting sands have obliterated all traces of his tomb. There is also a more plausible legend that he was buried in one of the beautiful caves on Santa Cruz Island, which he had named San Salvador, after his flagship. Santa Cruz wa
s his favorite island.
\par 
\par After Cabrillo's death his <emph>Piloto Mayor</emph>, a Levantine named Ferrelo, took command and lingered long about the Channel Islands. He kept a voluminous diary, and so did some of his men, verified copies of which arc filed in 
the mission library at Santa Barbara; the originals being among the Spanish archives in Spain.
\par 
\par Accorcding to them, and to the records of later explorers, also of the mission padres, there then was a denser population on the islands than on any other part of the Pacific Coast. {\*\atrfstart 397171987}
These aborigines were greatly superior to other California Indians in physique and intelligence, and are conjectured to have been a branch of the ancient Toltecs. A collection of skulls, exhumed
 from various burial mounds on the islands, was sent from here eight years ago to the Smithsonian Institute. These skulls have excited much scientific discussion and show marked superiority in moral and intellectual development to the land tribes of India
ns. This would suggest that our island predecessors might have evolved into a superior people had necessity, mothering invention, incited to exertion.
\par 
\par For untold ages life must have been, with them, an idyllic affair. They were a simple and industrious race, living on what the soil and sea gave them}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid10897794 {\*\atrfend 397171987}{\*\atnid SS}
{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397171987}{\*\atndate -953617512}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid10897794 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10897794 Noble savage}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2106669 
. They wove cloth and baskets, fashioning, sometimes with tasteful ornamentation, their weapons, household utensils, and personal adornments. About thirty tons of curiously interesting relics have been taken from their burial mounds and rancherias.
\par 
\par Most of these curios are now at the Smithsonian Institute, some remain in Santa Barbara, and Dr. L. G. Yates of t
hat city has written and illustrated a number of extremely interesting papers on the subject for our State Mining Bureau. The relics consist of beadwork, shellwork in infinite variety of devices, <emph>ollas</emph> or water-jars of fine steatite, cooking 
pots, baskets, warclubs of agate, whalebone, and sandstone, crumbling fabrics of woven grass-cloths, feather robes, money, arrow-heads, spears, drills, charms, knives, whistles, cranes, mortars, stone disks, balls of war paint, bone swords, and so forth.

\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 397169967}But as not one of this ancient race is left, their story will soon be merely legendary. {\*\atrfstart 397169968}
Their extinction began with the raids of Alaskan and Aleut pirates, who shortly after Cabrillo's time made a plunder-ground of these happy islands. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid9665286 {\*\atrfend 397169967}{\*\atnid SS}
{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397169967}{\*\atndate -953690673}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid9665286 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9665286 Vanishing Indians}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2106669 
With superior weapons and Tartar cruelty, these marauders would attack an island, kill every male they could find, and carry off all the booty they could crowd into their boats}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid9665286 
{\*\atrfend 397169968}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397169968}{\*\atndate -953690673}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid9665286 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9665286 Indians as savage}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2106669 . {\*\atrfstart 397169969}A terribl
e drought is supposed to have killed off nearly all the remaining inhabitants, one rainless year. A generation has passed since the last remnants of this unique and mysterious people died, and it is not certainly known even to which of the great human fam
ilies they belonged.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid9665286 {\*\atrfend 397169969}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397169969}{\*\atndate -953690671}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid9665286 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9665286 Vanishing Indians }}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2106669 
 Now a few sheepherders and solitary fishermen alone frequent the waters and shores once so populous. Seal hunters are busy there at some seasons, and an occasional excursion is made by a ste
amer-load of sightseers, who are taken to the most uninteresting points on the islands, allowed to look around for an hour or so, and brought back the same day.
\par 
\par South California credits her equable coast climate largely to the presence of these islands, w
hile their picturesque beauty adds a distinct feature to her catalogue of scenic attractions. There is an alluring yet inaccessible air about these far-away mountains in the sea. They fascinate, yet wave the beholder back. The feeling grows the longer one
 
lives in sight of them, and increases after having visited them. Looking across at their dimly luminous outlines from a lounging place on the beach, or better yet, from a high perch on the hills, the longing for a closer view of those dreamland mountains 
stirs all the rover in one's makeup.
\par 
\par On clear days, or days when, as often happens, mirage is in the air, the islands of San Miguel, Santa Rosa, Santa Cruz, and Anacapa, bound the greater limit of the southern ocean horizon looking from Santa Barbara. A gr
aceful chain of amethyst or violet-hued peaks, they seem to float on the very rim of the water line, changing color-tone with each step of the sun, and taking on new phases of expression as their shadows deepen or melt away. Often, under certain atmospher
ic alchemy, they appear linked together, overlapping like a continuous chain of mountains suspended in air, with only a ribbon of rosy mist for visible foundation.
\par 
\par Sometimes they indulge in a <emph>dansa diablo</emph>, as the Spanish fishermen here call it
. That usually occurs between two rains in autumn, when the air, clear as a lens, is braided into currents of varying density. This mirage is an omen of ill luck to the superstitious boatman, who will rarely consent to speak of it, and who gives the Anaca
p
a, or Demon Island as the Indians call it, a wide berth for weeks thereafter. Local tradition has it that only Spanish sailors are safe from the spells of these demons, as a good priest of Spain first blessed the Anacapa, consecrating it for his countryme
n.
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 397172148}
October 31, 1890, a very remarkable mirage was witnessed by hundreds of persons from the Santa Barbara beach. For nearly an hour the illusion lasted, every eye being held by the fantastic transformation apparently going on thirty miles away. The island 
peaks lengthened to sky-steeples, detached from their bases and sailed upward to disappear and make room for others thousands of feet high. Gigantic cupolas formed, to break like bubbles of lapislazuli. Hueneme cliffs, fifty miles away, lifted high on the
 distorted air-mirror and threw out a fairy spanwork of piers and bridges to clasp with the islands, and spin a sort of reel around the channel, now a lake with no outlet.
\par 
\par The Anacapa first became a balloon, then a dragon, as became the Island of Demons: next a turreted fortress; then a medusa, and lastly a devil-fish, with antenn\'e6 writhing, and crouching like a great sea tarantula for a spring.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 
\ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid16526646 {\*\atrfend 397172148}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397172148}{\*\atndate -953617509}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid16526646 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16526646 Wonder}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2106669 
\par 
\par "No, I go not for rock cod to the islands this two or three weeks. Not till rain fall on Anacapa."
\par 
\par It was the Italian fisher-king of the channel who answered thus the next day after the mirage. He would say no more, but shut himself in his vinewalled piazza for a month's net-mendmg.
\par 
\par During the mirage a spectral craft rose and melted away many times, always absorbe
d in the Anacapa. Finally it approached the pier, gliding straight in from the toils of the <emph>dansa</emph>. It was the Undine, a safe, strong little boat propelled by a tiny steam motor. Its single, sailless mast had hardly evened with the wharf when 
an old sailor shouted:&#8212;
\par 
\par "You will not be going to sea again soon?"
\par 
\par "Yes, to Anacapa in a day or two." The Undine went as usual with Joe Lord,&#8212;an old experienced sailor,&#8212;an engineer, and a Spanish boy. It never came back. Search found the
 Spanish boy half starved on an island reef. The Undine had capsized without known cause off the coast of Anacapa. The white sailors were drowned, and&#8212;an unprecedented thing in these waters&#8212;their bodies were never recovered. The Undine can be 
seen at the bottom of the channel just this side of the Island of Demons.
\par 
\par This strange island repays the visitor for a few days' cruise a
round its unutterably desolate shores, and despite the Undine's fate a pleasure voyage was later successfully made. Three islands,&#8212;or one, with two wave-gnawed cuts through it,&#8212;Anacapa is a narrow rock nearly seven miles long. The western part
 
is one thousand feet high; the middle and eastern three hundred and four hundred feet. The nearer it is approached the more forbidding it looks. It is solid, volcanic rock, with only one landing place, a little sand spit. All other approaches are cut off 
b
y abrupt and ghastly declivities of rock that have been carved by the weather into repellant shapes. Through a slight fog, which nearly always blurs this island, the coast seems corniced with grimacing faces of skulls, hideous gargoyles that make one shiv
e
r. No ferns nor flowers could we find, only on the highest part a large upland or fell is covered with a queer succulent carpet of moss, on which a flock of seventy-five fat sheep were feeding. The present lessee, Captain Elliott, has now a small acreage 
planted to grains, fruits and alfalfa, which thrive well.
\par 
\par There is no water, but fog and dew are absorbed by the herbage. Sheep brought from Anacapa do not know the taste of clear water, and have been known to die of thirst beside a running stream.
\par 
\par Off th
e south shore are enormous kelp fields, the breeding place of sea otter, black seals, and the leopard or spotted seal. A wreck&#8212;the mail steamship Winfield Scott&#8212;happened near this island about thirty years ago, and since that time Anacapa has 
swarmed with rats and mice, presumably from the ship. There was not a human being on the island when we visited it, and only a makeshift of a dwelling for occasional use by the proprietor.
\par 
\par Passing many outlying rocks and reef islands, we sailed into the Ca
thedral Cave. An arched roof one hundred feet high sloped down to a floor of four hundred by one hundred and fifty feet at the bottom. This floor was white sand, rimming a bay of clear water, through which marine plants, shells, and darting fishes, could 
b
e clearly seen at the pebbly bottom. Another spacious cave, high above tide water, is a veritable mine of aboriginal relics. A clear fountain of good water&#8212;the only spring on the island&#8212;gushes from a cleft in the rock into several artificial r
o
ck basins. For several feet in depth this cave is floored with all sorts of bones, shells, and other debris of an Indian rancheria. Still another cave, or series of caves; reaches far into the mountain, and is inaccessible at high water. The Natural Bridg
e is only one of countless basaltic freaks wrought by the four elements. Gull Rock, one and one half miles from shore, is a fortress-like column, accessible only to waterfowl, seals, and expert climbers. I found the top a vast guano deposit.
\par 
\par A very remarka
ble peculiarity of the Channel Islands is their parallelism with the coast, each having its longest axis in line with the trend of the nearest strip of mainland. The four principal ones, Anacapa, Santa Cruz, Santa Rosa, and San Miguel, lie in order as men
t
ioned from east to west, and upon the map appear strung like beads on the 34th parallel of latitude. To the southeast of these are the minor groups of San Nicolas, San Clemente, Santa Barbara, and Santa Catalina, with numerous outlying rocks, unnamed isla
n
ds, and detached reefs, forming altogether quite an archipelago. All but the four Channel Islands proper parallel the main land of Los Angeles and San Diego. Of volcanic origin, they are all undoubtedly the crests of submerged mountain ranges, correspondi
n
g in direction with the shore system. But between the two ranges stretches an ocean valley nearly two hundred miles long, the smoothest natural roadstead of salt water in the world, navigators aver. On each side of it mountain walls temper or divert rough
 winds, the islands forming a magnificent breahwqater against heavy tides.
\par 
\par My first visit to Santa Cruz, the second channel island going west, was in the month of April, the beauty-time of the year. Our party of nine had persuaded (not easily) Larco, the f
isher-in-chief, to take take us in his best sloop, the Genova, with his head boatman Pasquale as crew. The sloop, lateen sail rigged, was clean and trim, with a snug hold, in which we stowed what we called necessaries. There were plenty of provisions, a s
mall tent for two of our party, who were semi-invalids, guns, fishing tackle, knapsacks, a guitar, camera, artists' outfits, flower-presses, about sixty fathoms of fishing nets, and a lot of books. The last we might have omitted.
\par 
\par In our party were two amat
eur artists, three newspaper reporters, the landscape painter, Mr. H. C. Ford, and his wife, and Mr. E. P. Roe and sister, son and daughter of the novelist. Our trip was a succession of surprises and adventures hardly to be met with in an ordinary lifetim
e on shore.
\par 
\par Midway of the channel, with Santa Cruz looming high before us, a green silhouette against a tumbled mass of white cumuli, we got becalmed. The water was smooth as glass, the sun too hot and glistening for comfort. Sunshades and siestas were in 
order while the limp sails waited for the breeze Larco said the tumbled clouds must bring in an hour so. Suddenly a strange spouting aroused us and a big baby whale rose a quarter of a mile away; his mother immediately appeared also. We were greatly excit
ed over this novel sight and talked it over, wishing they had been nearer for a better view.
\par 
\par "They were close enough," said Pasquale; "Larco here lost his best schooner off the Farallones by a whale rising under it. A boat would splinter like kindling wood
&#8212;" a chorus of exclamations finished the sentence, for a huge mound had parted the water not twenty yards from us. Another joined it. Two monstrous bulks arose like dripping islands of bronze just ahead of the boat.
\par 
\par "There is a big fellow on our right!" yelled some one.
\par 
\par "And two astern!"
\par 
\par The whales were all around us, only a few yards or rods away, and our boat rocked with the swell their bodies made. Full grown specimens of the California species, they looked fairly mountainous to our land-lubber 
gaze. Our sloop seemed like a cockle-shell convoyed by leviathans. Either of those seven monsters could have sent us all to eternity with one flip of his tail.
\par 
\par But whales are as stupidly good-natured as cows when let alone. We let them alone, and rowing lustily away, over the very spot where one had sunk after spouting, we saw them no more.
\par 
\par After this the sight of shark fins was tame, and we hardly spoke when passing through a fleet of hundreds of fairy sails of the Portuguese-men-of-war, spreading their gossamer wings an oar's length away.
\par 
\par Seabirds rested on our mast, and strange land birds came out to meet us, as still rowing, we made slow time. Suddenly a breeze shivered the channel into ripples, then ridges, and in five minutes whitecaps were signalin
g each other from leaping towers of foam all around us. It is a trick of the island waters to change thus quickly, but our sailors laughed merrily at the gale.
\par 
\par "No more rowing," Larco said. "Our horses have come."
\par 
\par The wind and sea grew rougher as we neared the island, and showers of spray dashed over us with each bound of our flying sloop. Santa Cruz looked fully its twenty-four hundred feet of altitude, and the afternoon sun brought out every line and feature dist
i
nctly. From its upper battlements of green a succession of broken hills inclined to the land's edge. The bewitchment of April had found even these remote alley-ways of spring and her vivid coloring brought out the softer charms of the landscape in rare co
n
trast to their rugged settings. Parting the broad mesas, all aglow with poppies and dandelions, here and there a blackened ridge cropped out like a volcanic monogram. Along the high sea wall, or verging on ravines, these basaltic obtrusions became precipi
ces, fringed now by occasional drapings of cliff mosses and the island clematis.
\par 
\par Santa Cruz is about twenty-two and a half miles long by five and a half in average breadth, with a superficial area of about eighty square miles. The northeastern shore line i
s mostly an irregular rampart of black basalt, with sheer descent in many places of from fifty to two hundred feet. A few narrow beaches mark the debouchment of water courses from wooded canons. Jagged promontories reach out at frequent intervals, extendi
ng far into the breakers. The waves have sawn some of these through at the base, leaving gigantic piers and bridge-spans high above the water line.
\par 
\par Our sloop passed under one of these, missing the arch by a mast length. Partially submerged reefs show where
 other promontories have succumbed to the gnawing of the tide. Along them detached columns still do battle, like stony giants or cliff goblins at bay.
\par 
\par Layer upon layer of shells overcrust every atom of rock surface, giving it a scaly, etched effect. The w
ater plays wild pranks over the notched walls. Leaping sometimes forty feet high with each movement of the tide, little serpents of foam burrow and honeycomb the cliffs and narrow promontories into the queerest shapes. They make windows through which to f
l
ing silver shuttles of spray; they bore hidden galleries where the surf dashes in at one extremity to come out at its remoter opening and fall in a powdery fretwork of mist. Nothing stranger could be imagined than these mysterious cascades bursting at reg
u
lar intervals from a cliff cornice, or from a mouthlike cavity in the crest of a reef column. From Lady Harbor for miles westward this grotesquerie of basalt and shellwork marks every foot of the coast line. Arches and caves alternate with freakish projec
tions. The coast is like a fortification in ruins, laid by that sapper and miner, the tide, in the thousands of centuries since the volcano upreared these sea islands.
\par 
\par Rounding a wicked-looking reef, our boat plunged toward a narrow gate in the sea wall, a
nd entering between two jawlike projections, we glided at once from the gale and rough sea into an absolutely smooth harbor. It was calm as an artificial pond, and so clear that before shoal water was reached we could see the shelly bottom. A wide strip o
f pebbly beach was before us, margining a little cone-shaped valley some three hundred by eighty yards in area, with a small stream running through it. This apexed at the mouth of a tree-shaded ca\'f1
on and was one of the prettiest spots imaginable, at once graceful and rugged, with steep, flowery bluffs on one side and a high precipice on the other.
\par 
\par Oak, willow, and holly, curtained the upper end of the glen; and instantly exploring this retreat we found pools of clear mountain water at the confluence of two 
ravines. The air was musical with the sound of cascades; each ravine, with its steep incline from highlands and over bowlders, was a succession of fern beds, rushes, and lush water plants, with only the frequent flash of waterfalls to show that there was 
a stream.
\par 
\par This camping spot was our headquarters for a week. There was plenty of driftwood for fires. Abalones and fish formed the staple of our diet. Wild pigs and gawking sheep, which had no sense of discretion about running away, fed placidly within bul
let range, but we molested them not. After a few days of cruising about the island, sleeping under the tent of the sky, and living on campers' fare, we began to dread a return to civilization. This was an ideal gipsying, the experience of a lifetime.

\par 
\par Each
 night and morning the nets were drawn in, bringing up marvelous catches of fish, little and big, barracouda, bass, rockcod, bonito, halibut, pompanoes, redfish, flounders, and several varieties found only in these waters. Once a seal, drowned in the net,
 was hauled in. Several flesheating sharks and a devilfish also varied the catch. At night the mackerel nets were cast, always pulling in heavy. There was no more high wind, and our sloop fearlessly made the roughest headlands.
\par 
\par The island was all abloom, t
he air summery. We landed at hundreds of points, scaling the rocky ladders of the cliffs to the downs above. Thousands of sheep were feeding on the uplands, but not a living soul could be seen shepherding them. I have since learned that there were seventy
 
thousand sheep on the island at that time. Now there are about sixty thousand. It is a veritable paradise for sheep. No fences to restrain, no dogs to harry, no dust to blacken the snowy fleece. They were the first clean looking flocks I had seen in Calif
ornia.
\par 
\par Flowers and grass brimmed even to the precipice's edge, and with the pale green of the wild oats, filled all the interspaces between granite ridge and cafion. Dotted everywhere were woodland thickets, amber and olive with the shimmer of new-born lea
ves. Our botanists filled their portfolios, though only 203 specimens of plants were found. But Professor Greene, who did the Island flora very thoroughly the same season, found and enumerated 341 species, according to his article in the Bulletin of the A
cademy of Sciences on collection of "Classified Ferns and Plants of Santa Cruz Island." Twenty-eight of these were peculiar to this island alone. Seventeen varieties of ferns are found here.
\par 
\par Our geologists also were busy with notebook and hammer, and found
 great variety of specimens. The whole island is of volcanic formation, the eastern portion abounding in trachyte and trachdolorite, covered in certain sections with portions of the tertiary period. There are veins of chalcedony, numerous beds of flint, a
n
d in a cut of the cafiada we found submarine rocks under volcanic. There are extensive chalk deposits, pudding-stones, sandstone, with here and there a conglomerate of volcanic rock, metamorphic schists, steatite, and the varied debris of ages of sediment
ary formations.
\par 
\par At Prisoners' Harbor is a substantial wharf, and the only houses to be seen on a circumnavigation of the island. Here the schooners belonging to the Santa Cruz Island Company load and unload, finding good harborage the year round. The Compa
ny has begun putting the soil in this vicinity to a better use than mere pasturage. Orchards planted many years ago were found to do excellently with all sorts of fruits raised on the mainland, but experiment with wine grapes has persuaded Mr. Justinian C
a
ire that this island is suited to viticulture. Quite a large area is now in bearing vines, and a superb wine is the result. At times from fifty to one hundred men are employed in this business. Expert wine-makers from south France have supervision, and th
e
y promise to astonish the world one day with the product of this vineyard, rooted in a volcano bed and ripened by warm salt winds in an isle of the sundown. From accessible stone quarries near at hand has been taken all the material for wine-cellars, pres
s, and store-rooms. Mr. Caire is principal owner, and overseer of all the affairs of Santa Cruz, and may well be optimistic in his views of the possible future of his beautiful little sea-kingdom.
\par 
\par My article would not be complete without a history of Priso
ners' Harbor, formerly kept by the Mexican government as a penal settlement. To this Botany Bay were sent some score or so of cutthroats, banditti, and the like, with provisions, live stock, seeds for planting, and so forth. These worthies. did not apprec
i
ate the beauties of their place of exile. Worse than Calibans, they planned to leave immediately, after eating up everything, including seeds and live stock. Constructing a rude raft of tree-trunks, they covered it with hides from their slain cattle, and 
made it water-tight with a smearing of asphaltum found all along shore. On this craft they crossed the Channel to Santa Barbara, and forced a dubious welcome from the good mission padres, who had infinite trouble with their unbidden guests.
\par 
\par Castillero, the
 discoverer of quicksilver at Almaden, next came into possession by a Mexican grant. He sold to two firms, Barron, Forbes, & Company, and Jecker, Torre, & Company. The new owners in 1852 placed two hundred sheep on the island, finding it well watered and 
timbered. These have multiplied on their unshepherded ranges, bringing enormous incomes to their owners in both wool and mutton. Dr. J. B. Shaw was superintendent of the island for some years, and added the breeding of fine cattle to the sheep industry.

\par 
\par In
 years of drought, or when the island becomes overstocked, a <emph>matanza</emph>, or huge slaughter-house, is put in order and the sheep&#8212;sometimes over twenty thousand&#8212;are killed for their hides, tallow, and glue. 12,000 sheep were matanzaed 
in 1875. 25,000 were slaughtered in 1877.
\par 
\par But the greater part of the island coast is wild and lonely in the extreme. In all my sailing around and about it I never saw a human figure except at Prisoners' Harbor. All the better for the artist and lover of wild nature.
\par 
\par During our stay there we were up at dawn every morning. O, that I could describe those early mornings, when out on the warm, dark spread of waters we waited for the paling of the morning star, or watched the moon set in the further occident ov
er the thousand-league waste of the Pacific!
\par 
\par On these expeditions we hardly spoke. Often our artists, professionals though they were, sat in a sort of daze, watching the lights and streamers and prismatic tones that each sunrise and sunset hung, a glorifi
ed aurora borealis, over the universe, with the Channel for its mirror. Each day brought a new revelation of beauty, the water changing like an artist's palette with rapid laying on and blending of resplendent colors.
\par 
\par Once a warm, semi-opaque mist wrapped
 us as we rowed around ghostly headlands. Through it we could dimly perceive the outline of cave or arch with brilliant vines and phlox overhanging them. Once, as the sun arose, we came upon that rare spectacle, a fog rainbow. Over a gruesome amphitheater
 of chasms it hung, and through it pale apparitions, the phantoms of the surf, could be seen climbing and melting on the breast of the abyss. Adding to the weird sensation came awful moanings and wails from somewhere beyond.
\par 
\par Larco, with the dramatic instin
ct of your true Latin sailor, had chosen this time to usher us into the famous lair of the the sea-lions. As we passed under a natural arch, which looked like Dare's gateway to Hades, the moans and roarings grew louder. Under another arch, which can only 
b
e made at low tide, we came upon a scene never to be pictured nor forgotten. A semicircle of beetling precipices walled in a black bay full of high rocky islets. These were hidden from sight by myriads of sea-lions. The tawny creatures looked like pyramid
s
 of enormous snails. For five minutes we watched them before a black-maned old fellow on the central bowlder saw us, and roared with comical dismay. One or two harmless pistol shots sent the whole leonine convention bellowing and tumbling into the water. 
But their funny, black mustached faces kept popping up all around us, and glad were all parties when we discreetly backed out of their den.
\par 
\par The Triple or Valdez Cave, about three miles west of Lady Harbor, is one of the most interesting freaks of this stra
nge region. We chose a bright, rather sultry day to visit it, when there was almost no force to the breakers, as most of our journey lay among shore reefs and islands. Under a shelving bluff&#8212;a rib of the mountain's backbone broken short off at the s
e
a wall&#8212;is a great arch, as round and symmetrical as if hewn by measurement. It roofs a cave whose spacious recesses and snowy carpet of sand invite the stranger to enter. No wind nor draft intrudes, but a delicious coolness tempered the noontime hea
t
. Rimming the entrance an almost waveless tide came with soft laps and murmurs. Curious shells lay about, while from crevices in roof and walls, and forming a lintel over the keystone of the arch, delicate lichens, mosses, and rock-creepers, twined and ne
s
tled or swung in graceful pendulums of green, marking the standstill of time in this majestic sea temple. We renamed it Merlin's Palace. At right anti left two minor arches lead out, each with its trailing portiere of vine festoons. The right hand arch op
ens on a beautiful cove of white sand at foot of a series of lawny terraces leading to the downs above. Here we found many treasures of shells, flowers, ferns, and geological specimens. We named it Eden Cove.
\par 
\par The left arch was a surprise of a different nat
ure. It was filled with the noise of churning breakers, and was promptly named the Devil's Boudoir. No sunshine entered; the place was a cul-de-sac of shelly reefs worn into a thousand frightful and sinister figures by the water, which rushing in through 
a straightened channel became a caldron of foam.
\par 
\par We climbed out on the shelly bridges and found tons of abalones. Some of these were as large as a shade-hat and they looked very odd, each with its monovalve up like a hood-trap, drinking in the showers of s
pray. Larco cautioned us to beware of touching them except with a sharp knife, as each has its cardo anchored in the solid rock and shutting down on a hand would hold the strongest man prisoner.
\par 
\par Last September a party of us camped by this Triple Cave, fin
ding it as warm and dry as a house. The surf line deepens gradually from wading depth near the entrance, and forms a beautiful aquarium. Through several fathoms of the golden-green water the bottom is clearly visible. Many of these transparent shoals we f
o
und full of queer crawling things. Swirls of sea grass and kelp make a submarine thicket, through which brilliant fishes, crabs, anemones, starfish, and the like, are at home with the coral and sea palms; sea ferns and an infinite variety of algce abound,
 while shells and pebbles line the bottom.
\par 
\par The largest cave, called Painted Cave, on Santa Cruz Island is near the northwestern curve, and was lately discovered. Last month Captain Brownsill of the sloop Big Loafer, guided a small party of us to explore th
is immense cavern. We rowed in, in a small skiff, through a succession of arches resembling those of a gothic cathedral. When about fifteen hundred feet from the entrance the cave branches off to right and left. From lack of proper torches, in the utter d
a
rkness we could not fully explore to the ends. The entire visible interior is brilliant with natural frescoes in color, made by mineral waters oozing through the porous rock. There was no beach, and the inner cave is closed at high tide. It is a sea lions
' den.
\par 
\par At the Painted Cave an amber glow seemed to come from the deeper water, probably the effect of reflected sunbeams. This glow formed a halo of little yellow points around every submerged object, and with each pulse of the tide there was a curious und
ulating movement, as though some hand from the further depths was rocking this tiny cove cradle.
\par 
\par There is another sea-lions's den near the spot. It is a hole or natural tunnel leading to unknown caves up under the mountain. The sailors say that it must be
 miles long, and contain high and dry chambers, for when full tide covers the entrance and shuts off the hideous roarings and bellowings always heard at other times, the sea-lions do not come out, as they must from a cave filled with water. Thousands of t
hem breed there.
\par 
\par There are no snakes or poisonous reptiles on the islands; no tarantulas, scorpions, frogs, or centipedes,&#8212;a small red fox and the skunk, are, I believe. the only wild animals.
\par 
\par Santa Rosa is slightly smaller than Santa Cruz and resembles it in its general soil, products, and adaptability to cultivation. It is very irregular, nearly quadrilateral, with a precipitous broken coast line. It is not so high as Santa Cruz, its loftiest
 
peak being only about six hundred feet. Its greatest length is 16 1/2 miles. The average length is 9 3/4 miles; average width about 7 1/2 miles. Its area is about 74 square miles. There are a few good landings, but no bays nor harbors. It is now in posses
s
ion of A. P. More, and is pasturage for about sixty thousand sheep; no other use being made of it. It is a very valuable property and from good authority I learn that the owner last year refused $750,000 for it, his price being a million. A few herders re
m
ain on the island most of the year and during the semi-annual shearing times a large force of Spanish shearers is employed. In flora and fauna, Indian relics and geological features, this island closely resembles Santa Cruz. The coast and inland rocks are
 worn by the weather into caves and fissures. Many of these seem to have served as dwellings for the aborigines.
\par 
\par One hundred and fifty varieties of mollusca from this island alone have been named, of which nearly thirty were used by the Indians as food. There is a wharf at Five-mile Bight. Few visitors are allowed to land.
\par 
\par San Miguel, the western of the Channel Islands, is 7 1/3 by 2 1/2 miles in dimensions. It belongs to San Luis Obispo County, and like the others, is devoted to sheep-raising. It is the least interesting of the four.
\par 
\par Of the minor islands San Nicolas is famous as the home for years of a solitary woman, who lived on fish, roots, and seal-blubber and dressed in skins and feather robes. She was finally rescued and brought to Santa Barbara, wh
ere she died. No clue was ever found to her nationality or language. {\*\atrfstart 397172452}She was brown-skinned, with intelligent features, small hands and feet, and she was wonderfully refined for an Indian or Malaysian.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 
\ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid16526646 {\*\atrfend 397172452}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397172452}{\*\atndate -953617504}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid16526646 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16526646 Noble savage}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2106669 
\par 
\par Far-off Catalina furnishes us with shiploads of glistening pebbles, of which I am so fortunate as to possess a garden walk. On this island in 1603 Viscai\'f1
o found a bronze-haired race of fishermen and traders, who lived in shell-thatched houses and sacrificed birds to an idol in a temple. Each island has its story or legend.
\par 
\par Tales of buried treasure haunt all these whilom retreats of the old buccaneers. Many have searched especially for Cabrillo's treasure, supposed to be hidden somewhere on Santa Cruz. But if any such has ever been found the finder kept his secret well.

\par 
\par <emph>Martinette Kinsell</emph>.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13448032 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100aa5225dfc60600008b1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595d8bdb46147d2ff43f08bd3bfe92fcb1c41b6cd9ceb6d94d42eca4e4716c8fadc98e344633de8d0981923c160aa569e943037deb
43691b48a02fe9afd936a54d217fa17746b63c638fbb9b2585a5640d8b343af7ce997bafce1d4997afdc8fa87384134e58dc708b970aae83e3211b9178d2706f
f7bbb99aeb7081e211a22cc60d778eb97b65f7c30f2ea31d11e2083b601ff31dd4704321a63bf93c1fc230e297d814c7706dcc920809384d26f951828ec16f44
f3a542a1928f10895d274611b8bd311e932176fad2a5bbbb74dea1701a0b2e078634e949d7d8b050d8d1615122f89c0734718e106db830cf881df7f17de13a14
7101171a6e41fdb9f9ddcb79b4b330a2628bad66d7557f0bbb85c1e8b0a4e64c26836c52cff3bd4a33f3af00546ce23ad54ea553c9fc29001a0e61a52917dda7
dfaab7dafe02ab81d2438bef76b55d2e1a78cd7f798373d3973f03af40a97f6f03dfed06104503af4029dedfc07b5eb51478065e81527c65035f2d34db5ed5c0
2b5048497cb8812ef89572b05c6d061933ba6785d77daf5b2d2d9caf50500d5975c929c62c16db6a2d42f758d2058004522448ec88f9148fd110aa3840940c12
e2ec93490885374531e3305c2815ba8532fc973f4f1da988a01d8c346bc90b98f08d21c9c7e1c3844c45c3fd18bcba1ae4cdcb1fdfbc7cee9c3c7a71f2e89793
c78f4f1efd9c3a32acf6503cd1ad5e7fffc5df4f3f75fe7afeddeb275fd9f15cc7fffed367bffdfaa51d082b5d85e0d5d7cffe78f1ecd5379ffff9c3130bbc99
a0810eef930873e73a3e766eb10816a6426032c783e4ed2cfa2122ba45339e701423398bc57f478406fafa1c5164c1b5b019c13b09488c0d787576cf20dc0b93
9920168fd7c2c8001e30465b2cb146e19a9c4b0b737f164fec9327331d770ba123dbdc018a8dfc766653d05662731984d8a07993a258a0098eb170e4357688b1
6575770931e27a408609e36c2c9cbbc46921620d499f0c8c6a5a19ed9108f232b711847c1bb139b8e3b418b5adba8d8f4c24dc15885ac8f73135c27815cd048a
6c2efb28a27ac0f791086d247bf364a8e33a5c40a6279832a733c29cdb6c6e24b05e2de9d7405eec693fa0f3c84426821cda7cee23c674649b1d06218aa6366c
8fc4a18efd881f428922e7261336f80133ef10790e7940f1d674df21d848f7e96a701b9455a7b42a107965965872791533a37e7b733a4658490d08bfa1e71189
4f15f73559f7ff5b5907217df5ed53cbaa2eaaa0371362bda3f6d6647c1b6e5dbc03968cc8c5d7ee369ac53731dc2e9b0decbd74bf976ef77f2fdddbeee7772f
d82b8d06f9965bc574abae36eed1d67dfb9850da13738af7b9daba73e84ca32e0c4a3bf5cc8ab3e7b8690887f24e86090cdc2441cac64998f88488b017a229ec
ef8bae7432e10bd713ee4c19876dbf1ab6fa96783a8b0ed8287d5c2d16e5a3692a1e1c89d578c1cfc6e15143a4e84a75f50896b9576c27ea51794940dabe0d09
6d329344d942a2ba1c9441520fe610340b09b5b277c2a26e615193ee97a9da6001d4b2acc0d6c9810d57c3f53d30012378a242148f649ed2542fb3ab92f92e33
bd2d984605c03e625901ab4cd725d7adcb93ab4b4bed0c99364868e566925091513d8c87688417d52947cf42e36d735d5fa5d4a02743a1e683d25ad1a8d6fe8d
c579730d76ebda40635d2968ec1c37dc4ad9879219a269c31dc3633f1c4653a81d2eb7bc884ee0ddd95024e90d7f1e6599265cb4110fd3802bd149d520220227
0e2551c395cbcfd24063a5218a5bb104827061c9d541562e1a3948ba99643c1ee3a1d0d3ae8dc848a7a7a0f0a95658af2af3f383a5259b41ba7be1e8d819d059
720b4189f9d5a20ce0887078fb534ca33922f03a3313b255fdad35a685eceaef13550da5e3884e43b4e828ba98a77025e5191d7596c5403b5bac1902aa8564d1
080713d960f5a01add34eb1a2987ad5df7742319394d34573dd35015d935ed2a66ccb06c036bb13c5f93d7582d430c9aa677f854bad725b7bed4bab57d42d625
20e059fc2c5df70c0d41a3b69acca026196fcab0d4ecc5a8d93b960b3c85da599a84a6fa95a5dbb5b8653dc23a1d0c9eabf383dd7ad5c2d078b9af549156df3d
f44f136c700fc4a30d2f81675470954af8f09020d810f5d49e24950db845ee8bc5ad0147ce2c210df741c16f7a41c90f72859adfc97965af90abf9cd72aee9fb
e562c72f16daadd243682c228c8a7efacda50bafa2e87cf1e5458d6f7c7d89966fdb2e0d599467eaeb4a5e11575f5f8aa5ed5f5f1c02a2f3a052ead6cbf55625
572f37bb39afddaae5ea41a5956b57826abbdb0efc5abdfbd0758e14d86b9603afd2a9e52ac520c8799582a45fabe7aa5ea9d4f4aacd5ac76b3e5c6c6360e5a9
7c2c6201e155bc76ff010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f
7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be
9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980
ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5b
babac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e
745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72656c732f
2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f7468656d652f74
68656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100aa5225dfc60600008b1a00001600000000000000000000000000d6020000746865
6d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000d00900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cb0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000207c
3fb880c4cf01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}