{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}
{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Segoe UI;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f381\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria Math CE;}{\f382\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Math Cyr;}
{\f384\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Math Greek;}{\f385\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Math Tur;}{\f388\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Math Baltic;}{\f389\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria Math (Vietnamese);}
{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Segoe UI CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Segoe UI Cyr;}{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Segoe UI Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Segoe UI Tur;}
{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Segoe UI (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Segoe UI (Arabic);}{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Segoe UI Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Segoe UI (Vietnamese);}
{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}
{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}
{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \sqformat Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs16 \sbasedon10 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid7961426 annotation reference;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 \slink17 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid7961426 annotation text;}{\*\cs17 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20 
\sbasedon10 \slink16 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid7961426 Comment Text Char;}{\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon16 \snext16 \slink19 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid7961426 annotation subject;}{\*\cs19 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs20 
\sbasedon17 \slink18 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid7961426 Comment Subject Char;}{\s20\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs18\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f39\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext20 \slink21 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid7961426 Balloon Text;}{\*\cs21 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs18 
\sbasedon10 \slink20 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid7961426 Balloon Text Char;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid3348498\rsid6780806\rsid7961426\rsid13448032\rsid13530208}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1
\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\author Sara Schwebel}{\operator Rachel Manuszak}{\creatim\yr2015\mo4\dy8\hr10\min28}{\revtim\yr2015\mo4\dy8\hr10\min28}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages11}{\nofwords3679}{\nofchars20972}{\nofcharsws24602}
{\vern32775}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves1\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont1\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen
\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale131\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot6780806\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit\usenormstyforlist\noindnmbrts\felnbrelev\nocxsptable\indrlsweleven\noafcnsttbl\afelev\utinl\hwelev\spltpgpar\notcvasp\notbrkcnstfrctbl\notvatxbx\krnprsnet\cachedcolbal \nouicompat \fet0
{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\nofeaturethrottle1\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6780806 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6780806 A WOMAN'S LOG OF 1849.
\par 
\par FROM THE DIARY OF MRS. JOHN MCDOUGALL.
\par 
\par [THESE notes are, as their title purports, brief daily jottings at sea, without attempt at literary form. They were made on the first outward trip of the "California,"(--)a name that shall be to our children's children a classic, as is the Mayflower.

\par 
\par Mrs. McDougall was one of the comparatively few women passengers of that vessel when, on February 28, 1849, it entered the Bay of San Francisco,(--)whose waters it was the first steamship ever to break.
\par 
\par Of that voyage of our western Argo and its Argonauts much has been written. But of its return trip(--)for which the world (this province being quite out of it) waited intently(--)this is, so far as I know, the first published record.
\par 
\par Concerning most of those who are mentioned in these notes, inquiry has elicit
ed but little. Some, however, are of local, and others of national, distinction.  The Major Canby is the General E. R. S. Canby of the Civil and Indian wars.  Colonel J. D. Stevenson was one of the first United States military commanders of the Pacific Co
a
st, and largely influential in the forming of the State government of  California. He is still, at the age of ninety years, actively engaged in the practice of law in San Francisco,(--)the picture of hale and courtly age. From him I learned that Doctor (W
i
lliam C.) Parker was one of his staff, and now lives at Santa Cruz; and that the Colonel (R. B.) Mason is the one who was for a time the Military Governor of California. The Mr. Willey is the Rev. Dr. S. H. Willey to whom California is, perhaps, mainly in
d
ebted for its University, and who is still prominent in educational and religious affairs.  To Captain (J. L.) Folsom, then Quartermaster, is imputed the distinction of chiefly determining the metropolis of the coast to be at San Francisco, and not at Ben
i
cia, by retaining the federal offices at the former city,(--)or sand-hills,  (--)which was done against strenuous opposition. Rev. (0. C.) Wheeler, who came to the territory as a missionary,  has been for many years an official of  the Southern Pacific Ra
ilroad Company. Mrs. Ogden, was the wife of Major Ogden, of General Persifer F. Smith's company.\tab 
\par 
\par Of the California herself I learn merely that, after her disuse in the passenger traffic, she served some years in the Australian coal trade, and a few years since  was "dismantled and broken up."      
\par 
\par The diary is given  substantially as  written, with some omissions(--)not indicated in the text(--)and a few notes and conjectures indicated by brackets.
\par 
\par <i>W. H. McD.</i>]
\par 
\par <i>May I, Tuesday Morning</i>.(--)This is the day we are to bid adieu to San Francisco and, with the exception of leaving my husband [then absent, I believe, at the mines] and three or four friends, I confess I leave it without regret.
\par 
\par The morning is very gloomy and unpleasant. We left Mr.
 Bawden's house at half past nine o'clock and walked down to the point, Colonel John Stevenson and Doctor Parker overtaking us on the way. Mr. and Mrs. Wheeler, Mrs. Goodwin, Captain Folsom, and Mr. and Mrs. Grimes came down to the steamer soon afterward.
 
We sat and talked some time,(--)made merry, or tried to, but many were the sad hearts. Friends were parting, perhaps forever; some with a long and dangerous journey before them, and others . . . . where comforts cannot be procured even for gold. Mr. and M
rs. Bawden, Colonel Stevenson, Doctor Parker, and myself embarked on a whale boat for the steamer at half past ten.  Found the California as cold and cheerless as ever, though much cleaner than on her trip up.
\par 
\par At two o'clock we left San Francisco for Sauce
lito, where we have lain ever since, getting on water. Had a very poor dinner of roast beef and yams about three o'clock. I regretted very much leaving Mr. Bawden, the Colonel, and the Doctor, who have shown me great kindness since I have been in Californ
ia ; the two  latter seem more like brothers than anything else.
\par 
\par Saucelito is a little cove in among the hills, a very picturesque place although the hills are barren of trees. Very fine water here, and easy of access for vessels.
\par 
\par <i>Eight o'clock</i>.(--)We are just done tea, and being tired, cold, and low-spirited, I determined to go to bed, hoping to waken tomorrow morning in the Bay of Monterey. 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par <i>May 2, Wednesday</i>.(--)Was quite sick last night, but after breakfast felt able to go on deck and t
ake a look at Monterey. It has one of the most beautiful situations I ever saw, on the sides of several hills, which, sloping back from the bay, are partially covered with dark pines, and partly with nothing but green grass. It has the appearance of beaut
iful green meadows, but I am told it is all parched up later in the year.
\par 
\par We arrived here about ten o'clock. Major Canby and Mr. Willey came on board.  They seem like old friends, as we came out from New Orleans together. [Their voyage from that port to Ch
agres was on the Falcon, the first  steamer to sail from the States on the California route, leaving New Orleans December 18, 1848.] Mrs. Canby sent me a package of letters, a most beautiful bouquet, some eggs and dried apples, by Colonel Mason ; all very
 acceptable presents, as we had a hard time to get anything to eat on the steamer.
\par 
\par At twelve o'clock we hoisted anchor and went out to sea: The sea is always very rough passing Point Conception [Point Carmel?].  Too sick to write.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par <i>May 3, Thursday Mor
ning</i>(--)We were awakened last night at twelve o'clock by the most alarming of all sounds at sea, (--)"The ship is on fire !" Great was the excitement; the women and children were screaming; gentlemen, just roused from sleep, coming out half dressed, t
o
 inquire what was the matter; others running with water. It was some time before the ladies would be assured there was no danger. The fire, as it was supposed to be, proved to be only the friction of the wheel where it went into a mortise, I believe. Ther
e would have been danger if it had not been discovered in time.
\par 
\par The sea is still very rough, and neglecting to have our port-holes closed, both George [George McDougall, her brother-in-law] and I had our staterooms filled with water, and he had a fine salt shower-bath.
\par 
\par At half-past one o'clock we dropped anchor off the port of Santa Barbara, a very pretty place on an inclined plane that ascends gradually from the beach. About midway to the top of the hill is a mission with a very fine church,(--)gardens, o
rchards,  etc.,  attached  to  it. With Yankee enterprise it might be made one of the garden spots of the earth, as all kinds of fruits and flowers grow almost spontaneously. But the people are so indolent that we could get no supplies for the ship, not e
ven milk, though we could see from the ship hundreds of  cows grazing over the hills. The harbor is very bad for ships, as the kelp grows so thick that it is almost impossible to get a ship through it. It grows twenty feet long, and is strong as a cable.

\par 
\par I
n coming to Santa Barbara we passed an island about sixty miles from the coast, on which there is a lone woman living. The Russians, some years ago, had a party there catching otter ; a storm coming up they were obliged to put out to sea, leaving some of 
their party on shore. They afterwards returned and got them all off but this woman, who has lived there alone ever since.
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 416252223}Some three years ago they caught her, but she was perfectly wild and had lost her speech, so they left her.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid7961426 {\*\atrfend 416252223}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor 
Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 416252223}{\*\atndate -953690757}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid7961426 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid13530208 Wild child}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6780806 
\par 
\par About four o'clock we hoisted anchor and left Santa Barbara. Sea rough; seasick!
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par <i>May 4, Friday</i>.(--)Was awakened this morning by Turner [her man-servant], who brought me in some tea and nice toast,(--)very acceptable, as we do not bre
akfast until after nine. After breakfast went on deck to look at the Mission of St. John's, situated in a small valley surrounded with hills, which at this season of the year are covered with flowers. If it could always be spring in California it would be
 a beautiful country, but nine months of the year it is parched and barren. They have no lightning here. 
\par 
\par Between three and  four o'clock  we entered the harbor of San Diego, the entrance to which is very narrow and sometimes hazardous. After you are in yo
u are completely surrounded with hills covered with grass and flowers, but not a tree to be seen. We anchored near the shore, on which were two or three small huts and a few graves of foreigners, on the side of the hill with a white railing around, in ful
l view to remind us of what may be our destiny before we reach home. 
\par 
\par The ship Edith was in the harbor landing government troops, for the line of the United States is only four or five miles below. The town of San Diego we saw in the distance, some three o
r four miles around the bay, but it looked barren and desolate. After remaining about an hour we set off again a short while before dark.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par <i>May 6, Sunday</i>.(--)Captain Thomas read the Episcopal service in the cabin. Most of the lady passengers responded. It is the first time I ever heard it at sea and it reminded me of home.
\par 
\par Am now writing in my berth. Have been reading "The Inheritance," by Miss Turner. After tea Captain Forbes and Mrs. Ogden gave us some sacred music on the accordion and with their voices. We have run 251 miles in the last twenty-four hours.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par <i>May 7, Monday</i>.(--)Great excitement last night,(--)a man missing and s
upposed to be overboard. Of course all his faults were buried in the deep with him, and he was eulogized as the best fireman, most capable man on the ship, etc. About breakfast time he was discovered in the carpenter's room enjoying a comfortable sleep. O
ne poor Spaniard today lost seven pounds of gold dust overboard ; all, it is said, the poor fellow had.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par <i>May 8, Tuesday</i>.(--)Doubled  Cape St. Lucas about twelve o'clock last  night. Felt sick all day owing to want of proper food, as we have very little but mutton. Anchored off the port of Mazatlan about ten o'clock to-night.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par <i>May 9, Wednesday</i>.(--)Early this morning we came into the bay.  After breakfast Mrs. Bawden, Mrs. Grimes,  Mrs. Ogden,\tab Mrs.\tab Smith,\tab Messrs. Gaur, Thomas, Murphy, Brown, 
Colonel Mason, and I, went ashore together in one of the ship's boats.\tab 
We went to Captain Mott's house and found it very cool and pleasant, and the ladies very agreeable. Mr. Talbott went with Mrs. Bawden, Mrs. Grimes, and myself, to some of the stores, bo
ught a few articles, and returned to Mr. Mott's, where we had a very fine luncheon of fruits, melons, etc. Took a walk to the beach; went into Mr. Kelly's house(--)found it quite a palace.  Mr. and Mrs. and Miss Kelly were very agreeable and we had a deli
ghtful call. Mr. Talbott got one of the Custom House boats and came off with us to the ship. Were delighted with Mazatlan. 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par <i>May 10, Thursday</i>.(--)Entered the port of San Blas this morning.\tab Mrs. Bawden's birthday.\tab She treated the ladies to some cham
pagne and cake, and Turner brought us a very nice lunch, and we had a cozy little time in our rooms ;(--)as there is a door between we can throw them into one.
\par 
\par The site of San Blas is very romantic, (--)hills and valleys overlooking a bay dotted with  islands;  most of them, though, of barren rocks. The town itself is a poor, miserable village with thatched houses.\tab 
A large  party of Americans arrived here today from across the country, on their way to California. May their golden dreams be realized ! as their ideas of comfort never can be.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par <i>May 11, Friday</i>.(--)A very beautiful morning. The passengers very much frightened by the steamer stopping suddenly and with a great jar about four o'clock this afternoon. Some of the machinery out of order and soon rectified.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par <i>May 13, Sund
ay</i>.(--)and what a Sunday it is! We are in the port of Acapulco. The passengers have most of them gone on shore, and the natives are flocking on board by dozens, running fore and aft, up and clown stairs, chattering in Spanish.  It is impossible to rea
d, and the day is excessively warm, the bay is entirely shut in by hills, and there can be no breeze. This is probably the best protected harbor in the world.
\par 
\par We hear at this place of two ships that are out at sea without a drop of water. Some of the passe
ngers came off here in a small boat, procured water, and went off in search of their ship, but could not find her. Several other attempts have been made to find the ship, but as yet without success. Three or four beacon fires are lighted on the different 
h
ills tonight. Heaven grant they may see them and be enabled to reach this port, for to die of thirst must be horrible. The captain of our steamer is taking on a large supply of water, in the hope that we may fall in with them tomorrow. It is said here tha
t four men came from Panama here in a whale boat, alternately sailing and rowing, in eighteen days,(--)a distance of thirteen hundred miles.  It seems almost incredible.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par <i>May 14, Monday</i>.(--)We left Acapulco this morning, and are again in the open sea, not to leave it again until we arrive at Panama, if we meet with no misfortune. Have not seen anything of the ships that are in distress.
\par 
\par [Later.](--)About three o'clock this afternoon we came in sight of a sail. The captain, thinking it might be one of the ships, came alongside of her, and on hailing her and asking if she wanted anything, they cried out, "Water."
\par 
\par They had been eighty days out from Valparaiso, and had been on short allowance of water for forty days. The captain sent them two large cas
ks of water and some fruit and melons, for which they seemed very grateful, and sent in return four large hams and a box of champagne, over which we had a very merry dinner ; indeed, I have not seen so much enjoyment and good feeling among the passengers 
since we left.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par <i>May 17, Thursday</i>.(--)We\tab are very short of coal, and as there is a pretty fair wind today the engine is stopped and all sails set. We are going at the rate of four or five miles an hour,(--)slow traveling. The captain kept us a day a
t San Blas, where there was plenty of coal, and did not get any. He is certainly to be blamed for not supplying the ship better, but Mr. H(--)(--), Mr. G(--)(--), Mrs. B(--)(--), and Mrs. G(--)(--), can grumble enough for the whole ship, so I take it easy
.
\par 
\par Went on deck after tea. Captain Thomas sang us "The Bride" and "The Rose of Allandale." Afterward Captain Forbes got out his accordion and played while he and Captain Thomas sang. We are over seven hundred miles from Panama yet.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par <i>May 18, Friday</i>.
(--)Last night one of the sailors was heard to say something to one of his companions that sounded very much like mutiny, and was construed as such by Mr. Johnson, who heard it. We reported it to the captain and it spread like wildfire. Great excitement p
r
evailed, for all expected that before morning blood would be shed. Measures were instantly taken to resist an attack. All the gentlemen passengers were put on the watch, eight at a: time, for four hours. The muskets and arms were all brought out of the ho
ld and put in order. Every part of the ship was watched. It was supposed to be the intention of the sailors, twenty\'ad
 four in number, to kill all the passengers when they were asleep, and then to rob the ship, as there is a large amount of gold on board. Very little sleeping was done by any on board, and the watch was kept up all night until after breakfast.
\par 
\par But it proved a jolly morning, for Mr. Hobbs, who can make fun out of anything, got some persons to prefer charges against several of those on watch. Ha
d a mock court. Mr. "Oregon," as he is called, was dressed up with <i>chapeau</i> and sword, and made orderly sergeant to bring up the criminals, who, after some funny remarks and questions, were fined six bottles of champagne, which were brought out and 
drunk in great glee.
\par 
\par Withal we had a very jolly morning, but before dinner they all got impatient at the slow rate we were going, only from half a mile to two miles an hour, and after some debate a few questions were written down, signed, and sent in to th
e captain,(--)as to how much coal he had and when he was going to use it,(--)which he answered very satisfactorily to them, and they were in better spirits by teatime. But the captain seems very much depressed. We have a fine wind, however, now. The watch
 is to be kept up tonight again. Heaven grant we may all get safely home!
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par <i>May 19, Saturday</i>.(--)Another court martial this morning served to while away the tedious hours. The men were busy all day fixing the wheels, and about three o'clock we were off again with the steam.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par <i>May 20, Sunday</i>,(--)and a very lovely mor
ning. Had two very refreshing showers before eleven o'clock, at which time we assembled on deck, and, with a very calm sea below us and a bright sky above, Captain Thomas read the Episcopal service. It was very solemn and impressive, and will long be reme
m
bered by me. It seems as though we were nearer our Creator amidst the vast ocean, and the prayers and hymns seem addressed to Him in person. This evening, Mrs. Ogden, Mrs. Bawden, Captain Thomas, Mr. Johnson, and Mr. "Oregon," have been singing some sacre
d music on deck. It was really very sweet but made me sad, for thoughts of home would intrude.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par <i>May 21, Monday</i>.(--)Passed today some beautiful islands, among them the is\'adlands of Montroso and Quibo, the latter just one mountain standing alone in th
e ocean. It can be seen with the naked eye for forty miles. News again tonight that the coal is out.  Mesdames(--)(--), (--)(--), and (--)(--), have the fidgets, and keep the whole ship in an uproar with their scolding. The captain is burning up everythin
g that can be spared.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par <i>May 22, Tuesday</i>.(--)Passed four ships, two large and two small ones. Have been cutting the ship to pieces for fuel. Burned all the second deck, chicken coops, settees, and everything that could be turned into fuel, and still 
very uncertain about reaching the island of Taboga, as the wind and tide are very much against us. Have burned several thousand dollars' worth of good timber, yesterday and today.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par <i>May 23, Wednesday</i>.(--)Last night, about ten o'clock, we dropped an
chor about four miles from the island of Taboga. Directly afterward the awning caught on fire, and there was another cause of alarm for the ladies. It was soon extinguished, and no harm done. Early this morning Captain Forbes took a boat and went to the i
sland for coal to take us in to Panama. Returned about two o\rquote 
clock, when we got up steam and came into the port. Arrived about five o'clock and anchored very near the Oregon. George went on board of her and found John F. Hughs there. Wrote to John [her husb
and] and to Doctor Parker for George, and sent on board of her. About ten o'clock she put out for San Francisco. Everything looks very green and beautiful, particularly the islands in the bay.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par <i>May 24, Thursday</i>.(--)About nine o'clock we bade adieu
(--)forever, I hope (--)to the California. The tide was so low we had to walk a long way on the rough rocks. When we got to Mr. Farand's house we were very tired. Found the house very cool and pleasant, and he was very kind to us and tried to get us a hou
se, but not succeeding we came to the American Hotel, where Mrs. Bawden, Mrs. Grimes, and I, got one room between us. Have had a great deal of company; most of the gentlemen passengers of the California have called. I found Mr. Coombs here.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par <i>May 25, Friday</i>.(--)Have had company all day. Mr. Hobbs and Mr. Warren took supper with us. Mr. Larrentree brought us some tea from his stores and Mrs. Grimes made it.  Had a very cozy time.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par <i>May 26, Saturday</i
>.(--)Roused this morning very early, thinking the baggage was going off early, but it did not get off until nearly noon. Company all day again. Two English ladies, who are in distress, were here this evening with Captain Thomas ; seemed very agreeable an
d
 I pity them. The men who were to take us over to Cruces want to charge for three or four mules that did not go with the baggage at all, and as George will not submit to be humbugged, we have determined not to go until Monday. The people are firing thousa
nds of fire\'adcrackers to-night.  It almost deafens us.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par <i>May 27, Sunday</i>(--)at home ! but it would puzzle a lawyer to find any Sabbath in Panama. Shops all open, all kinds of labor going on as usual, and in addition, a circus and cock-fight. Mr. St. C
lair breakfasted with us, and he and his wife dined with us. Mr. Coombs brought me a large box of guava jelly. In the evening got all ready to start in the morning for Cruces.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par <i>May 28,  Monday</i>.(--)Awakened this morning at three o'clock by our muleteer, who(--)as a great wonder for New Granadans(--)was  punctual  to  his  appointment.\tab 
But the men who are to carry me did not arrive until nearly six o'clock, at which time we set out ; Sue [her little daughter] on a native's back and I in a hammock bet
ween two men, with six others following to rest them. Formed  the advance guard, and kept ahead of most of the party until we got out\tab about\tab 
eight miles, when we all stopped on the bank of a stream and ate breakfast. Quite  a  picnic, and all seemed highly 
delighted so far; but they changed their minds soon after, for the roads were very bad. Mrs. Hoyer was thrown from her horse into the mud. My men gave out, and just at dark we met Turner on a fresh mule. I got on the mule man-fashion, (as it would have be
e
n very dangerous for me to have ridden over that road any other way,) one man leading the mule and one on each side of me, while George walked on behind. [This fashion, it is  recorded, had been set by the wife of Rev. O. C. Wheeler and a lady companion, 
while crossing the  Isthmus, with  the other Falcon passengers, in January.]\tab 
Thus we went on through the narrow mountain passes, in the dark and mud, [attended, as others' tragic experience abundantly proved, by imminent peril of murder and robbery,] and go
t to Cruces about eight o'clock. I saw Mr. Haws, the crazy man, about two miles from town, his mule fastened, and he lying on the ground.  Sue and Frank got in about half an hour after, and we went to bed very thankful that we were safe.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par <i>May 29, Tues
day</i>.(--)The charge of the alcalde was twenty dollars for one miserable room and three naked cots for one night !  At  eight this  morning Mrs. Bawden, Mrs. Grimes, Mrs. Hoyer, Mr. Hobbs, George, and myself, started down the river in a whaleboat that M
r. Hobbs had engaged for us. We were nearly used up, but without meeting with any accident other than getting very wet(--)for it  rained, in torrents(--)and being frightened at two parties of tigers and panthers, we arrived safely, at\tab 
nine o'clock, at Chagres, and went on board the Orus, a miserable, dirty boat.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par <i>May 30, Wednesday</i>.(--)This morning the Orus got up steam and went down to (--)(--)(--) Bay, where we dined.  But some of the passengers, being discontented, wanted to go on the English stea
mer [the Tay (?) of the Royal Mail line]. They would not give George any peace until he agreed to go with them. They gave the captain fifty dollars to put [us] on board the English steamer. Retired soon after tea, and about ten o'clock we got under way.

\par 
\par 
\par 
\par [The voyage was continued on the Tay(--)touching at Cartagena, "a magnificent but ruinous city "(--)to Kingston, Jamaica, at which port they arrived on June 4.
\par 
\par At Kingston, "the most lovely spot I ever saw," Mrs. McDougall with her brother-in-law and Mrs
. Grimes, and Messrs. Warren, Hobbs, True, and Perry, took rooms at the suburban place of Mrs. Ferron, a creole lady, where they remained six days. Visits were made to the residence of Santa Ana(--)" rather plain in appearance, being a red brick house, la
rge, but not fitted with the same taste that most of the residences are"(--)and to other points of interest.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par On Sunday, June 10, the party sailed on the brig Ida, Captain Foulkes (?) commanding, for Philadelphia. On the fifteenth they were becalmed in a perilous passage among the Hog Stye reefs and\tab neighboring  islands and shoals. Much apprehension was felt.
\tab On the next day mention is made in the diary of a "present of a book and a clean towel, from  Mrs. Warren, both very scarce articles."\tab The tedium of 
the voyage was relieved by music,(--)of voice and the accordion,(--)by rigging-climbing for wagers, and on two occasions by the mimicries of  Captain (--)(--), who masqueraded in the outer dress of a lady passenger.
\par 
\par The last page of the diary is quite illegible. The brig came safely to her destination, but on what date I am uninformed.
\par 
\par <i>W. H. McD.</i>}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13448032 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb6ac3301045f785fe83d0b6d8
72ba28a5d8cea249777d2cd20f18e4b12d6a8f843409c9df77ecb850ba082d74231062ce997b55ae8fe3a00e1893f354e9555e6885647de3a8abf4fbee29bbd7
2a3150038327acf409935ed7d757e5ee14302999a654e99e393c18936c8f23a4dc072479697d1c81e51a3b13c07e4087e6b628ee8cf5c4489cf1c4d075f92a0b
44d7a07a83c82f308ac7b0a0f0fbf90c2480980b58abc733615aa2d210c2e02cb04430076a7ee833dfb6ce62e3ed7e14693e8317d8cd0433bf5c60f53fea2fe7
065bd80facb647e9e25c7fc421fd2ddb526b2e9373fed4bb902e182e97b7b461e6bfad3f010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c00000
00360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4fc7060abb08
84a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b63095120f88d94fbc
52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462a1a82fe353
bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468
656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b4b0d592c9c
070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b4757e8d3f7
29e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100af2514d3ba060000581a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65
312e786d6cec59cf6fdb3614be0fd8ff20e8eefa9724db419dc296ed666bd216b5dba147daa62d369464887452a32830b4c701038675c30e2bb0db0ec3b6022d
b04bf7d764ebb075c0fe853d52b24cdaf49206390443938b457deff1e37be4f748f1eab58721b58e70c2481c35edf295926de168148f49346dda7707bd42ddb6
1847d118d138c24d7b81997d6df7c30faea21d1ee0105b601fb11dd4b403ce673bc5221b41336257e2198ee0dd244e42c4e1319916c7093a06bf212d564a25af
182212d9568442707b6b3221236c0d844b7b77e9bc4be131e24c348c68d217aeb16621b1e3c3b240b005f369621d21dab4a19f717c3cc00fb96d51c438bc68da
25f9671777af16d14e6644f9165bc5ae27ff32bbcc607c58917d26d361dea9e3b88ed7cafd4b00e59bb86eadeb75bddc9f04a0d108469a72517dbaed46bbe366
580594fe34f8eed43ad5b28657fc573738b75cf1afe12528f5ef6ce07b3d1fa2a8e12528c5bb1b78c7a9557c47c34b508af736f0b552abe3d434bc0405944487
1be892eb55fde56873c824a67b4678c3757ab54ae67c8582d990cf2ed1c5248ef8b6b916a20771d203800052c44964f1c50c4fd00866b18f281926c4da27d380
8b6ed00e46cafbb469c4369a448f161b2564c69bf6c73304eb62e5f59fd73ffef3faa575f2e4d5c9935f4e9e3e3d79f273ea48b3da43d154b57afbfd177f3fff
d4faebe5776f9f7d65c63315fffb4f9ffdf6eb9766202ca2159d375fbff8e3d58b37df7cfee70fcf0cf05682862a7c4042ccac9bf8d8ba1387303019159d391e
26ef66310810512d5ad194a108895e0cfebb3cd0d03717882203ae8df508de4b40444cc0ebf3071ae17e90cc393178bc11841af0208e693b4e8c51b821fa52c2
3c98475373e7c95cc5dd41e8c8d4b78f222dbfddf90cd493985cfa01d668dea628e2688a23cc2df12e3ec4d830bafb8468713d20a32466f1845bf789d546c418
9201196ab36965b44742c8cbc24410f2adc5e6e09ed58ea969d41d7ca4236155206a203fc0540be37534e72834b91ca090aa01df473c3091ec2f92918aeb320e
999e621a5bdd3166cc64732b81f12a49bf0102624efb015d843a32e1e4d0e4731fc5b18aecc4877e80c29909db2751a0623f6287304591753be626f841acaf10
f10c7940d1d674df23584bf7e96a7017b453a5b49a20e2cd3c31e4f23a8eb5f9db5fd009c2526a40da35c50e4974aa7ca73d5c9c708354bef9f6b981f76595ec
56428c6b666f4da8b7e1d6e5d98f9331b9fceadc41f3e8368605b159a2de8bf37b71b6fff7e2bc6d3d5fbc24af5418045a6c06d3edb6dc7c875bf7de1342699f
2f28de6772fbcda0f68c7bd028ece4b913e767b159003fc54a860e34dc3441d2c64a62fe09e1413f4033d8ba976de164ca32d75366cd62064746d96cf42df074
1e1ec4e3f4c8592e8be3652a1e0cf1557bc9cddbe1b8c053b4575b1da372f792ed541e77970484edbb90503ad349540d246acb46112479b886a01948c8915d08
8b8681455db85fa66a830550cbb3029b230bb6544ddb75c0048ce0cc84281e8b3ca5a95e665726f32233bd2d98da0c28c1778d6c06ac32dd105cb70e4f8c2e9d
6a67c8b44642996e3a09191959c35880c6389b9da2f52c34de35d78d554a357a2214592c141ab5fa7fb1386faec16e5d1b68a42a058dace3a6ed555d98322334
6bda1338bac3cf70067387894d2da253f8fe35e249bae0cfa32cb384f10e62411a70293aa91a8484e3c4a2246cda62f8791a68243544722b5740102e2db906c8
ca65230749d7938c27133ce26ada951611e9f411143ed50ae35b697e7eb0b08ce790ee7e303eb686749edc4130c5dc5a5904704c187cdf29a7d11c13f824990b
d96afead15a64c76d56f82720ea5ed88ce0294551455cc53b894f29c8e7cca63a03c656386802a21c90ae1702a0aac1a54ad9ae65523e5b0b5ea9e6e2422a788
e6aa666aaa22aaa659c5b41e9665602d96e72bf20aab6588a15caa153e95ee75c96d2cb56e6d9f90570908781e3f43d53d434150a8ad3ad3a809c69b322c343b
6bd56bc77280a7503b4b915054df5bba5d8b5b5e238cdd41e3b92a3fd8adcf5a689a2cf79532d2f2ee42bd5e88870f403c3af021774e3993a984cb8304c186a8
2ff724a96cc01279c8b3a501bfac79429af6a392db72fc8aeb174a75b75b70aa4ea950775bd542cb75abe5ae5b2e75da95c75058781096ddf4dea4071f9be822
bb3d91ed1b3728e1f27bda95511c166379435294c4e50d4ab992dda0c81b98a66dbc4ab108a8cf23afd26b541b6dafd0a8b67a05a7d3ae171abed72e743cbfd6
e9757cb7dee83db6ad2309765a55dff1baf58257f6fd82e395c438ea8d42cda9545a4ead55ef3aadc7d97e064290ea48161488b324b8fb2f000000ffff030050
4b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e
72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae9
95719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757d
a0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d00
14000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d
0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b000000000000000000000000002b0100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800
000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000140200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b
01022d0014000600080000002100af2514d3ba060000581a00001600000000000000000000000000d10200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e78
6d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000bf0900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000ba0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax267\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;}}{\*\datastore 0105000002000000180000004d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e352e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffffec69d9888b8b3d4c859eaf6cd158be0f000000000000000000000000f055
08510872d001feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}