{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch31506\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f37\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Segoe UI;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f411\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f412\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f414\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f415\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f418\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f419\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}
{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Segoe UI CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Segoe UI Cyr;}{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Segoe UI Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Segoe UI Tur;}
{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Segoe UI (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Segoe UI (Arabic);}{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Segoe UI Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Segoe UI (Vietnamese);}
{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}
{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}
{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\dbch\af31506 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 \styrsid15801422 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \sqformat Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs16 \sbasedon10 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid16212348 annotation reference;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 \slink17 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid16212348 annotation text;}{\*\cs17 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20 
\sbasedon10 \slink16 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid16212348 Comment Text Char;}{\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon16 \snext16 \slink19 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid16212348 annotation subject;}{\*\cs19 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs20 
\sbasedon17 \slink18 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid16212348 Comment Subject Char;}{\s20\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs18\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f39\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext20 \slink21 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid16212348 Balloon Text;}{\*\cs21 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs18 
\sbasedon10 \slink20 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid16212348 Balloon Text Char;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid5458971\rsid10715044\rsid10972698\rsid13448032\rsid15801422\rsid16212348}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0
\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\author Sara Schwebel}{\operator Rachel Manuszak}{\creatim\yr2015\mo5\dy6\hr14\min14}{\revtim\yr2015\mo5\dy6\hr14\min14}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords2107}{\nofchars12010}{\nofcharsws14089}
{\vern32775}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves1\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont1\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen
\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale126\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot10715044\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit\usenormstyforlist\noindnmbrts\felnbrelev\nocxsptable\indrlsweleven\noafcnsttbl\afelev\utinl\hwelev\spltpgpar\notcvasp\notbrkcnstfrctbl\notvatxbx\krnprsnet\cachedcolbal \nouicompat \fet0
{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\nofeaturethrottle1\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sectrsid15801422\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid10715044 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10715044 PACIFIC DISCOVERY
\par 
\par [...]
\par 
\par The Nicole\'f1o
\par 
\par CLEMENT W. MEIGHAN
\par 
\par 'Desert' San Nicolas Island once supported 1,000 Indians, yet white men call it worthless
\par 
\par SAN NICOLAS ISLAND, a small semi-desert patch of land southwest of Los Angeles and 55 miles from the 
coast, has long attracted the attention of archeologists. Between 500 and 1,000 years ago, the island supported several Indian villages and maintained a population which has been estimated at more than a thousand people. Such a population is not exceeding
ly dense by modern standards, but the usual Indian populations were quite sparse and a population of a thousand on San Nicolas' 32 square miles would represent a very crowded settlement by aboriginal standards.
\par 
\par The abundant archeological remains which have
 been reported by numerous scientific expeditions to San Nicolas indicate that the island had many attractions for a native people. This comes as a surprise to the modern visitor, for San Nicolas has little in the way of scenic or climatic attractions. In
d
eed, early  visitors to the island were unanimous in reporting it to be a dismal place for anyone to live. There are no harbors suitable even for small boats, the land is mostly a sandy waste without trees of any kind, sand storms due to the heavy winds a
re frequent, and a cold and clammy fog shrouds the island much of the time.  {\*\atrfstart 418684950}
San Nicolas is definitely not one of the resort spots of California, and except for some short-lived attempts to raise sheep on the island, it has been of use only for scientific and military purposes.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid16212348 {\*\atrfend 418684950}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 418684950}{\*\atndate 1194589005}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid16212348 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16212348 Vanishing indians}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10715044 
\par 
\par At the present time, San Nicolas is under the control of the U. S. Naval Air Missile Test Center, Pt. Mugu. Through the cooperation of Captain E. M. Condra, Jr., Commander of that station, the writer, accompanied by H. E. Eberhart
 of the University of California (Los Angeles), was permitted to spend several days on San Nicolas early in 1953 for the purpose of recording and mapping the archeological remains of the island. San Nicolas is now closed to casual visitors, and formal per
mission from the Navy is necessary for visiting this installation.
\par 
\par The remains of former Indian villages are found in all parts of San Nicolas. These village locations are usually on top of sand dunes, and they are marked by a litter of sea-shells, animal 
bones, burned stones from fire-places, and discarded tools and weapons. Such a location is called a kitchen midden &#8212; it is a spot covered with the debris of everyday living and representing a location where people once lived for some length of time.
 
A total of 68 such extinct villages, some of them covering several acres, have been located on San Nicolas. The Indians had their houses on top of the dunes, amidst the discarded refuse of cooking over open fires. They also buried their dead, accompanied 
by offerings of shell beads and other ornaments, in the sandy midden soil.
\par 
\par It should be noted that not all of San Nicolas' 68 villages were occupied at the same time. From what is known of the living pattern of California Indians, it seems certain that the
 Indians of San Nicolas moved from place to place as the food supplies of each region were depleted. Even in the small area of San Nicolas, there was probably a seasonal migration to favored spots for fishing, hunting birds, and perhaps gathering some wil
d
 plant food. Aside from this consideration, we do not yet know how long each of the village areas was used. The total number of villages covers a time span of several hundreds, perhaps even thousands of years, and some village locations must have been aba
ndoned long before others came into use. Thus, not more than five or six of the villages may have been actually inhabited at one time. The problem of determining which villages were contemporaneous remains to be solved by future archeological work.
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 418684951}The obj
ects found in the soil of the extinct villages provide us with practically all the knowledge we have of the people who lived on San Nicolas in pre-Columbian times. Although we know that there were Indians on San Nicolas at the time of the Spanish entry in
t
o California, the people became extinct early in the historic period and only fragments of their language and culture have been preserved. It is not known for certain what destroyed the Indian culture of San Nicolas, but most likely it disappeared under t
h
e same causes which affected the other southern California Indians: removal to the Spanish missions, new diseases to which the Indians had no resistance, and adoption by the Indians of the white man's way of life. In addition, early traders placed Aleut f
ur-hunters on the island, and according to one account these killed most of the native inhabitants.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid16212348 {\*\atrfend 418684951}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn 
{\*\annotation{\*\atnref 418684951}{\*\atndate 1194589009}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid16212348 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16212348 Vanishing Indians }}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10715044 
\par 
\par For the sake of convenience, the Indians of San Nicolas have been called the Nicole\'f1o by Professor A. L. Kroeber of the University of California. This is
 of course not the Indians' name for themselves, but it serves as a simple way of referring to the "people of San Nicolas."
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 418684952}The very last of the Nicole\'f1o lived until 1853.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid16212348 {\*\atrfend 418684952}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 418684952}
{\*\atndate 1194589012}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid16212348 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16212348 Vanishing Indian}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10715044 
 Some years earlier, in 1835, a handful of Indians remaining on San Nicolas were 
removed to the Mission at Santa Barbara. A lone woman was somehow left behind and lived entirely alone on the island for 18 years until she was at last found and taken to the mainland in 1853. {\*\atrfstart 418684953}
This woman, referred to in popular accounts of the period as the "Lost Woman of San Nicolas," could no doubt have told a story which would eclipse Daniel Defoe's tale of Robinson Crusoe. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid16212348 
{\*\atrfend 418684953}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 418684953}{\*\atndate 1194589012}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid16212348 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16212348 Girl Crusoe}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10715044 The true meaning of the word "solitude" is certainly conveyed by the image of the "Lost Woman" spending a lifetime alone on a 
barren and windy island, yet within sight of the mountains of the mainland and probably within sight of occasional fishing boats which visited the region.
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 418684954}By the time the last Nicole\'f1o had been taken to Santa Barbara, all of her people who had been removed 18 years earlier had died. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid16212348 {\*\atrfend 418684954}{\*\atnid SS}
{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 418684954}{\*\atndate 1194589013}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid16212348 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16212348 Vanishing Indian }}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10715044 
Nobody could be found who spoke the woman's language, and since it was not possible to communicate with her except by sign language, the details of the woman's life on the island can never be known. A sprinkling of scattered
 observations by the people who discovered the woman are all that remain &#8212; four words of her language, some comments on her material possessions, and a few inferences about her life on San Nicolas. One of the first things she saw when she reached th
e mainland was a man riding a horse, a sight which amazed and delighted her [to] no end. Perhaps no detail of her story  is so indicative of the complete isolation in which this woman had lived for almost two decades.
\par 
\par When found, the "Lost Woman" was livin
g in a small brush enclosure on one of the shell middens. Her meager possessions included a knife made of a rusty piece of a hoop, baskets and wooden containers for food and water, fishing lines, and cords for snaring seals. She was wearing a dress made o
f bird skins which hung down to her knees.
\par 
\par Unfortunately, the "Lost Woman" died only 7 weeks after she had been "rescued" from San Nicolas. The illness which caused her death was no doubt some disease which had little effect on the whites but proved devast
ating to one whose race had never had contact with it. The few objects that the "Lost Woman" had made to sustain her life on San Nicolas were scattered, and no trace of them remains. It will always be a source of regret to scientists that the information 
which the "Lost Woman" could have given about her people died with her.
\par 
\par There remain to us the many objects, thousands of which have already been recovered, which lie buried in the old villages of San Nicolas and which throw much light on the former life of the Nicole\'f1
o. Objects which are directly connected with the business of making a living are most common, and it is these which indicate the attractions San Nicolas had for its Indian inhabitants. For the Indian, San Nicolas offered a steady and assured f
ood supply, and this is what permitted the many villages and the relatively large population. Like nearly all of the California Indians, the Nicole\'f1
o had no agriculture; their livelihood depended entirely upon the food resources they could hunt and gather.
 Despite its lack of scenic attractions and its often unpleasant climate, San Nicolas was very favorable to a people with such a hunting-gathering economy. Indeed, by comparison with most other regions of the West, San Nicolas was a land flowing with milk
 and honey to its Indian settlers.
\par 
\par The Nicole\'f1o, like the modern Eskimo, must have lived on a diet that was almost exclusively meat. The few plants on San Nicolas could not have provided more than a small portion of the food consumed. In addition, nearly all the food the Nicole\'f1
o ate came from the sea, for there are virtually no land animals on San Nicolas (there are only three, to be exact &#8212; a lizard, a mouse, and a diminutive fox).
\par 
\par Marine mammals, including seals, sea lions, and sea otters, were a major source of Nicole\'f1
o food supply. These were apparently either snared or clubbed, but they do not appear to have been hunted with bows and arrows for arrow points are extremely rare on the island. Among the marine mammals available was <emph>Mirounga</
emph>, the elephant seal, which is one of the biggest animals ever hunted by any American Indian people. San Nicolas is one of the favored spots for these huge pinnipeds, the adult males of which reach a weight of 5,000 pounds. Since they are not now mole
s
ted on San Nicolas, the marine mammals have become extremely tame and are little concerned with the occasional humans who visit their beaches. Elephant seals basking on the beach did not even turn their heads to watch the writer's party walking within ten
 feet of them. No doubt the sea mammals had reason to be more alert when they were hunted by the Nicole\'f1o.
\par 
\par Fishing also provided an important share of the Nicole\'f1o larder. This is seen in the great numbers of fish bones which are found in the middens and is also attested by quantities of aboriginal fish hooks which have been found. The Nicole\'f1
o used two kinds of fish hooks; one is simply a straight piece of bone, sharpened on both ends and technically called a gorge &#8212; the other type of hook was curved
, barbless, and made of pieces of marine shell (usually abalone, although mussel shell and the red top shell were also used). Both kinds of hooks have been proven effective for Pacific fishing by recent experimenters. Unfortunately, no study has been made
 
of the fish bones from San Nicolas to determine which species was the favored catch of the Indians. Jaw bones of the California sheepshead (<emph>Pimelometopon pulchrum</emph>) are common in the shell middens, but there are also many species not yet deter
mined.
\par 
\par Marine birds and migratory waterfowl were also of considerable importance to the San Nicolas Indians. The bones of many birds (also unidentified as to species) are found, and beads, whistles, and bone awls were commonly made from the long bones of birds.

\par 
\par Perhaps their most easily obtained food was derived from the various kinds of shellfish which could be gathered by hand. The rocky shores of San Nicolas afford a favorable environment for many species of shellfish. The sand dunes of the ancient vill
ages are covered with scattered limpets, mussels, and thousands upon thousands of abalone shells. Many other species of shells, and also the remains of sea urchins, occur in lesser numbers. Common artifacts from the village sites are curved pieces of sea 
mammal ribs which had the same size and function as the tire-irons used by modern man to detach abalone shells from the rocks.
\par 
\par This brief listing of food resources indicates clearly how favorable San Nicolas was for supporting an aboriginal population. But like all other human groups, the Nicole\'f1
o were not solely concerned with the food quest. They must have had music, folk-beliefs, social regulations, and a religion of some sort. Such aspects of life are seldom indicated in material remains, however. These
 are the things the "Lost Woman" could perhaps have told about, but lacking an eye-witness report our knowledge of the less tangible parts of Nicole\'f1o culture is largely conjectural.
\par 
\par It is known from the objects found at the village sites and with the burials of the dead that the Nicole\'f1
o devoted a large amount of time to the production of "art objects" and other things which were not utilitarian but served primarily for esthetic satisfaction. Among the most striking of these specimens are effigies of sea 
mammals and whales, carved with great care from blocks of soapstone (steatite). Most of the effigies appear to have been found with burials. It is logical to surmise that killer whales and similar striking animals of the sea may have played a large part i
n Nicole\'f1
o religious beliefs, since the Indians' lives were oriented to the sea. Whale bones were commonly used as grave markers and sometimes occur in graves with the deceased. Other non-utilitarian objects which have been found include a great variety of 
beads and pendants made of shell, bone, and stone. At least 14 different species of shells were used in the production of the shell ornaments, and some sort of mass production technique was no doubt used to make the commoner types of shell beads.
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 418684955}Although the Nicole\'f1o passed into oblivion without making an impression of any sort on our own historical traditions, archeologists will continue to be interested in reconstructing the life of these little-known people. }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid10972698 {\*\atrfend 418684955}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 418684955}{\*\atndate 1194589019}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid10972698 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10972698 Vanishing Indian}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10715044 As further archeological work is carried 
out, we may expect to learn more about their adaptation to their specialized environment, their industries and manufactures, and perhaps their customs and beliefs. As a passing comment, it may be worth some reflection that the "primitive" aborigines manag
ed to make a living for many people on San Nicolas, whereas our own technological society has managed to get nothing of economic value from the island in the last hundred years. In any case, the study of the Nicole\'f1
o has barely begun, and there is no doubt that important finds await the archeologists' shovels.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13448032 {\*\bkmkstart _GoBack}{\*\bkmkend _GoBack}
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb6ac3301045f785fe83d0b6d8
72ba28a5d8cea249777d2cd20f18e4b12d6a8f843409c9df77ecb850ba082d74231062ce997b55ae8fe3a00e1893f354e9555e6885647de3a8abf4fbee29bbd7
2a3150038327acf409935ed7d757e5ee14302999a654e99e393c18936c8f23a4dc072479697d1c81e51a3b13c07e4087e6b628ee8cf5c4489cf1c4d075f92a0b
44d7a07a83c82f308ac7b0a0f0fbf90c2480980b58abc733615aa2d210c2e02cb04430076a7ee833dfb6ce62e3ed7e14693e8317d8cd0433bf5c60f53fea2fe7
065bd80facb647e9e25c7fc421fd2ddb526b2e9373fed4bb902e182e97b7b461e6bfad3f010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c00000
00360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4fc7060abb08
84a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b63095120f88d94fbc
52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462a1a82fe353
bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468
656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b4b0d592c9c
070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b4757e8d3f7
29e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100af2514d3ba060000581a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65
312e786d6cec59cf6fdb3614be0fd8ff20e8eefa9724db419dc296ed666bd216b5dba147daa62d369464887452a32830b4c701038675c30e2bb0db0ec3b6022d
b04bf7d764ebb075c0fe853d52b24cdaf49206390443938b457deff1e37be4f748f1eab58721b58e70c2481c35edf295926de168148f49346dda7707bd42ddb6
1847d118d138c24d7b81997d6df7c30faea21d1ee0105b601fb11dd4b403ce673bc5221b41336257e2198ee0dd244e42c4e1319916c7093a06bf212d564a25af
182212d9568442707b6b3221236c0d844b7b77e9bc4be131e24c348c68d217aeb16621b1e3c3b240b005f369621d21dab4a19f717c3cc00fb96d51c438bc68da
25f9671777af16d14e6644f9165bc5ae27ff32bbcc607c58917d26d361dea9e3b88ed7cafd4b00e59bb86eadeb75bddc9f04a0d108469a72517dbaed46bbe366
580594fe34f8eed43ad5b28657fc573738b75cf1afe12528f5ef6ce07b3d1fa2a8e12528c5bb1b78c7a9557c47c34b508af736f0b552abe3d434bc0405944487
1be892eb55fde56873c824a67b4678c3757ab54ae67c8582d990cf2ed1c5248ef8b6b916a20771d203800052c44964f1c50c4fd00866b18f281926c4da27d380
8b6ed00e46cafbb469c4369a448f161b2564c69bf6c73304eb62e5f59fd73ffef3faa575f2e4d5c9935f4e9e3e3d79f273ea48b3da43d154b57afbfd177f3fff
d4faebe5776f9f7d65c63315fffb4f9ffdf6eb9766202ca2159d375fbff8e3d58b37df7cfee70fcf0cf05682862a7c4042ccac9bf8d8ba1387303019159d391e
26ef66310810512d5ad194a108895e0cfebb3cd0d03717882203ae8df508de4b40444cc0ebf3071ae17e90cc393178bc11841af0208e693b4e8c51b821fa52c2
3c98475373e7c95cc5dd41e8c8d4b78f222dbfddf90cd493985cfa01d668dea628e2688a23cc2df12e3ec4d830bafb8468713d20a32466f1845bf789d546c418
9201196ab36965b44742c8cbc24410f2adc5e6e09ed58ea969d41d7ca4236155206a203fc0540be37534e72834b91ca090aa01df473c3091ec2f92918aeb320e
999e621a5bdd3166cc64732b81f12a49bf0102624efb015d843a32e1e4d0e4731fc5b18aecc4877e80c29909db2751a0623f6287304591753be626f841acaf10
f10c7940d1d674df23584bf7e96a7017b453a5b49a20e2cd3c31e4f23a8eb5f9db5fd009c2526a40da35c50e4974aa7ca73d5c9c708354bef9f6b981f76595ec
56428c6b666f4da8b7e1d6e5d98f9331b9fceadc41f3e8368605b159a2de8bf37b71b6fff7e2bc6d3d5fbc24af5418045a6c06d3edb6dc7c875bf7de1342699f
2f28de6772fbcda0f68c7bd028ece4b913e767b159003fc54a860e34dc3441d2c64a62fe09e1413f4033d8ba976de164ca32d75366cd62064746d96cf42df074
1e1ec4e3f4c8592e8be3652a1e0cf1557bc9cddbe1b8c053b4575b1da372f792ed541e77970484edbb90503ad349540d246acb46112479b886a01948c8915d08
8b8681455db85fa66a830550cbb3029b230bb6544ddb75c0048ce0cc84281e8b3ca5a95e665726f32233bd2d98da0c28c1778d6c06ac32dd105cb70e4f8c2e9d
6a67c8b44642996e3a09191959c35880c6389b9da2f52c34de35d78d554a357a2214592c141ab5fa7fb1386faec16e5d1b68a42a058dace3a6ed555d98322334
6bda1338bac3cf70067387894d2da253f8fe35e249bae0cfa32cb384f10e62411a70293aa91a8484e3c4a2246cda62f8791a68243544722b5740102e2db906c8
ca65230749d7938c27133ce26ada951611e9f411143ed50ae35b697e7eb0b08ce790ee7e303eb686749edc4130c5dc5a5904704c187cdf29a7d11c13f824990b
d96afead15a64c76d56f82720ea5ed88ce0294551455cc53b894f29c8e7cca63a03c656386802a21c90ae1702a0aac1a54ad9ae65523e5b0b5ea9e6e2422a788
e6aa666aaa22aaa659c5b41e9665602d96e72bf20aab6588a15caa153e95ee75c96d2cb56e6d9f90570908781e3f43d53d434150a8ad3ad3a809c69b322c343b
6bd56bc77280a7503b4b915054df5bba5d8b5b5e238cdd41e3b92a3fd8adcf5a689a2cf79532d2f2ee42bd5e88870f403c3af021774e3993a984cb8304c186a8
2ff724a96cc01279c8b3a501bfac79429af6a392db72fc8aeb174a75b75b70aa4ea950775bd542cb75abe5ae5b2e75da95c75058781096ddf4dea4071f9be822
bb3d91ed1b3728e1f27bda95511c166379435294c4e50d4ab992dda0c81b98a66dbc4ab108a8cf23afd26b541b6dafd0a8b67a05a7d3ae171abed72e743cbfd6
e9757cb7dee83db6ad2309765a55dff1baf58257f6fd82e395c438ea8d42cda9545a4ead55ef3aadc7d97e064290ea48161488b324b8fb2f000000ffff030050
4b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e
72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae9
95719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757d
a0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d00
14000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d
0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b000000000000000000000000002b0100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800
000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000140200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b
01022d0014000600080000002100af2514d3ba060000581a00001600000000000000000000000000d10200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e78
6d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000bf0900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000ba0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax267\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef1\lsdunhideuseddef1\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e352e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffffec69d9888b8b3d4c859eaf6cd158be0f00000000000000000000000040d9
477b2888d001feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}