{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch31506\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset1\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}
{\f37\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Segoe UI;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f411\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f412\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f414\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f415\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f418\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f419\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}
{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Segoe UI CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Segoe UI Cyr;}{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Segoe UI Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Segoe UI Tur;}
{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Segoe UI (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Segoe UI (Arabic);}{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Segoe UI Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Segoe UI (Vietnamese);}
{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}
{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}
{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\dbch\af31506 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 \styrsid16456358 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \sqformat Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs16 \sbasedon10 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid16600960 annotation reference;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 \slink17 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid16600960 annotation text;}{\*\cs17 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20 
\sbasedon10 \slink16 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid16600960 Comment Text Char;}{\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon16 \snext16 \slink19 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid16600960 annotation subject;}{\*\cs19 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs20 
\sbasedon17 \slink18 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid16600960 Comment Subject Char;}{\s20\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs18\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f39\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext20 \slink21 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid16600960 Balloon Text;}{\*\cs21 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs18 
\sbasedon10 \slink20 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid16600960 Balloon Text Char;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid3345005\rsid4926703\rsid8734716\rsid11826655\rsid13448032\rsid14375859\rsid15670356\rsid16086814\rsid16456358\rsid16600960}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0
\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\author Sara Schwebel}{\operator Rachel Manuszak}{\creatim\yr2015\mo3\dy23\hr17\min15}{\revtim\yr2015\mo3\dy23\hr17\min15}{\version2}{\edmins0}
{\nofpages17}{\nofwords7430}{\nofchars42355}{\nofcharsws49686}{\vern32775}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves1\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont1\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen
\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot3345005\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit\usenormstyforlist\noindnmbrts\felnbrelev\nocxsptable\indrlsweleven\noafcnsttbl\afelev\utinl\hwelev\spltpgpar\notcvasp\notbrkcnstfrctbl\notvatxbx\krnprsnet\cachedcolbal \nouicompat \fet0
{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\nofeaturethrottle1\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sectrsid16456358\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid3345005 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3345005 <hi rend="bold">The Lone Woman of San Nicolas Island</hi>
\par 
\par <hi rend="bold">Foreward</hi>
\par 
\par When I started this paper, I was a second year Electrical Engineering Major at Cal Poly Pomona. As a part of the requirements for Dr. Urcia's
 English 105 Class, we were assigned a research paper, complete with footnotes. I had just seen the movie, "The Island of the Blue Dolphins," and I thought that this might be a good subject for the paper. Little did I know where this simple English 105 as
signment would take me. Among other things it instilled in me a love and fascination for the history of our country and, in particular, our great state of California.
\par 
\par All of this could not have been possible without the help and assistance of the staff of 
the Southwest Museum in Los Angeles, California. Allowing a nineteen-year-old college student to physically touch and read through their priceless manuscripts was an act unheard of at other historical libraries. Reading through these old documents brought
 the story to life for me.
\par 
\par However, having access to all of the documents did not make the task any easier. Many times there were conflicting statements from the various sources. Sometimes they were minor points, while at other times they required even mor
e searching to discover or learn the truth. I hope that all of my efforts bring the story of Juana Maria alive for you as it has for me.
\par 
\par <hi rend="bold">The Islands</hi>
\par 
\par Of all the stories that can be found about the Channel Islands off the coast of Cali
fornia, there is one that goes far beyond all others in its strangeness and mystery. It is the account of the Indian woman who has been referred to as the "Lone Woman of San Nicolas Island." The story is something of a mystery because all of the facts are
 not known and never will be. For this article, all reliable information that could be found has been studied and compared in the hope of obtaining a clear picture of what actually happened on San Nicolas Island.
\par 
\par Some nine miles long and three and a half m
iles wide, the island is located approximately seventy miles from Port Hueneme, California. Robert M. Norriss described it as "a faulted asymmetric anticline, composed of Pleistocene sediments lying uncomfortably on Eocene sandstone and shale."<hi rend="s
u
perscript">1</hi> In simplier terms, the island has a 907 foot peak toward the ocean side and south of the center. It is made up of varying layers of cracked rock and sediments that are bent in opposite directions from the peak. Because of the high winds 
a
nd storms that bombard the island, it is slowly wearing away and will probably disappear in time. The island is surrounded by reefs and shallow water. The sea is extremely rough in this area, and the only time that one can safely land or leave the island 
is around six o'clock in the morning.<hi rend="superscript">2</hi> There are no good harborsfor a ship to find refuge from wind or storm.
\par 
\par It is a bird island, once being covered with thousands of ravens, cormorants, sea gulls, blue herons, bald eagles, larks and robins.<hi rend="superscript">3</hi> Other occupants of this desolate land were seals, otter and sea lions.
\par 
\par The first European to see San Nicolas Island was Bartolome Ferrer who sailed past it in 1543. Sebastian Vizcaino sailed past the island in 1
602, but neither Ferrer nor Vizcaino set foot on it.<hi rend="superscript">4</hi> On December 6, 1602, Juan Cabrillo was the first European to actually land on the island.<hi rend="superscript">5</hi>
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 414894231}According to Cabrillo, the island was densely populated by a superior race of Indians which A. L. Kroeber classifies as of the Gabrielino or Shoshone stock}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid16600960 
{\*\atrfend 414894231}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 414894231}{\*\atndate 120748923}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid16600960 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16600960 Noble savage}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3345005 .<hi rend="superscript">6</hi> Cabrillo' s report states that the men wore loose cloaks while the women wore petticoats and capes of sealskins, heavily 
fringed and handsomely ornamented with shells and stones. If a woman wanted to look different from others and was very industrious, she embroidered her garments with pearls and small pink shells. A semi-caste system existed on the island. The higher a wom
an rated on the social scale, the more ornamentation she had on her garments. She might also wear stone necklaces and iris-hued abalone earrings.<hi rend="superscript">7</hi>
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 414894232}The Indian inhabitants of San Nicolas Island were described as a peaceful tribe b
ecause no warlike weapons have ever been found.<hi rend="superscript">8<?hi> "The children had light hair and ruddy cheeks. The women had fine forms, beautiful eyes, and a modest demeanor."<}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid16600960 
{\*\atrfend 414894232}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 414894232}{\*\atndate 120748928}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid16600960 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16600960 Noble savage}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3345005 hi rend="supsercript">9</hi> They lived on abalone, fish, sea l
ions, sea elephants and birds.<hi rend="supsercript">10</hi> In order to be in the best location for the food of the season, they moved from one site to another. This is demonstrated by the fact that some sixty-eight sites have been found where villages e
xisted, but not all of these were inhabited at the same time. It is estimated that, at their peak, these villages supported over one thousand Indians.<hi rend="supsercript">11</hi>
\par 
\par The Indians manufactured water-tight baskets and soapstone vessels for cook
ing. They also made needles, awls, ollas (pottery water jars) of stone and other useful utensils. Their canoes were made long and deep with both ends elevated at the same degree to allow travel in both directions. According to Mons de Cessac, an archaeolo
gist for the French government, all of these products showed evidence of superior workmanship and had excellent form.<hi rend="supsercript">12</hi>
\par 
\par Not a great deal is known about the islanders or what happened to them from 1602 to around 1800. During this
 period the population began to fall in great numbers. This was probably due to diseases carried by the white men who stopped at the island for hunting.
\par 
\par In the year 1811, a ship belonging to Pope and Boardman of Boston and commanded by a Captain Whittemor
e<hi rend="supsercript">13</hi> brought twenty-five to thirty Kodiaks from the Russian camp at Sitka to San Nicolas Island for the purpose of hunting otter and seal. After the Kodiaks were supplied with guns and provisions, they were left on the island wh
ile the ship sailed off to other business, with Whittemore's promise to return at the end of the year to pick them up.<hi rend="supsercript">14</hi> {\*\atrfstart 414894233}
During the time that the ship was away, a feud broke out between the Indians and the Kodiaks. The feud had t
o do with the seizure of the island women by the Kodiaks. In the battle that ensued, a majority of the island men were massacred, both young and old alike,<hi rend="supsercript">15</hi> and the island women were forced to live with the Kodiaks for the rem
ainder of their stay}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid16600960 {\*\atrfend 414894233}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 414894233}{\*\atndate 120748929}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid16600960 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16600960 Indians as savage}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3345005 . {\*\atrfstart 414894234}
At the end of the year the ship came to remove the Kodiaks and the skins which they had collected during the year but that is, in fact, all they did. "The islanders were left to their fate." }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid16600960 
{\*\atrfend 414894234}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 414894234}{\*\atndate 120748933}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid16600960 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16600960 Anti-Russian sentiment}}}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3345005 <hi rend="supsercript">16</hi>
\par 
\par <hi rend="bold">Removing the Survivors</hi>
\par 
\par From that time to about 1830, there are no records of what happened to those who were left on the island. Because of the extremely poor living conditions on the various Channel Islands, the Franciscan Mission Fathers 
decided to bring all of the Indians from the islands to the mainland. This was to be done in order to preserve the races from extinction as well as to improve their conditions.<hi rend="supsercript">17</hi>
\par 
\par By 1835, the task had been carried out on all of
 the islands except San Nicolas. This island was left until last because it was the most distant and there were no ships available for the long voyage. In 1835, the Mission Fathers of Santa Barbara were able to charter a twenty-ton schooner with the aid o
f
 Isaac J. Sparks, Lewis F. Burton and Bill Williams of the Chino Ranch of Los Angeles.<hi rend="supsercript">18</hi> The ship <emph>Peor es Nada</emph> or "Better Than Nothing," was commanded by Captain Charles Hubbard. These men along with about twelve c
r
ew members sailed to the island on August 1, 1835, to remove the Indians.<hi rend="supsercript">19</hi> It is interesting to note that, at one time or another, each one of the men was credited with having been captain of the ship. However, records indicat
e that Charles Hubbard was the captain.<hi rend="supsercript">20</hi>
\par 
\par The evacuation was carried out under the direction of Captain Bill Williams, the Collector of the Port of San Pedro.<hi rend="supsercript">21</hi> By the time the rescue party arrived, t
he number of Indians found on the island is uncertain. The high figure is around forty men, women and children.<hi rend="supsercript">22</hi> The low figure is two women and one man who was without all of his faculties because of a blow over the head sust
ained during the Kodiak battle.<hi rend="supsercript">23</hi> The more widely accepted, and more reasonable figure, is around seventeen or eighteen men, women and children.<hi rend="supsercript">24</hi>
\par 
\par In the confusion of moving from the island, a child w
as misplaced or became lost. When this was discovered, the launch which was to take the Indians to the larger vessel was thoroughly searched. Since the child was not found in the boat, the rocks and beach were searched. There was no child or any sign of a
 child anywhere. The mother pleaded to be allowed to return inland to continue the search. The captain reluctantly gave his permission.<hi rend="supsercript">25</hi>
\par 
\par Not long after the woman went inland, the winds began to increase in velocity. The sea bec
ame rough and storm clouds appeared. The captain and the crew began to grow anxious because of the woman's delay in returning to the boat. The storm grew in intensity and finally reached a point where it was no longer safe for the launch or the schooner t
o remain in the area. At this time, they set out for the safety of the mainland and left the woman alone on the island.<hi rend="supsercript">26</hi>
\par 
\par The woman was described as a widow between twenty and thirty years-of-age, of medium height, fine in form,
 light in complexion and with dark brown hair.<hi rend="supsercript">27</hi> This would mean that she was a child at the time of the Kodiak affair or was an offspring of one of them.
\par 
\par There is a great deal of confusion about how the woman was left on the island. {\*\atrfstart 414894235}
Some say that the woman reached the schooner before she discovered her child missing. When she found that they were going out to sea in the storm instead of remaining in the area to continue the search for her child, she jumped overboard and swam ba
ck to the island for her child.<hi rend="supsercript">28</hi> Another story is that she was inland and not with the other Indians when the ship arrived; thus, she was left behind.<hi rend="supsercript">29</hi> While her diving from the boat makes a nice s
tory, it is highly improbable that this event actually occurred.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid16600960 {\*\atrfend 414894235}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 414894235}{\*\atndate 120748936}
\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 
\ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid16600960 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16600960 Jump overboard}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3345005 
\par 
\par The original story is substantiated by George Nidever who talked with Isaac Sparks, and by other first-hand accounts. Furthermore, the launch used at the time was not a large craft and it 
would have been rather difficult to lose a child of nursing age in a small boat without someone knowing it. {\*\atrfstart 414894236}
An investigation of first-hand accounts and interviews that have been recorded shows that the Emma C. Hardacre's story about the Indian woman diving from the ship is inaccurate, as are her reports of several other events}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 
\ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid14375859 {\*\atrfend 414894236}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 414894236}{\*\atndate 120748937}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid14375859 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid14375859 Jump overboard}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3345005 .
\par 
\par When the <emph>Peor es Nada</emph> reached San Pedro, some of the Indians were sent to Los Angeles and others to the San Gabriel Mission. Two of the women soon married wealthy me
n in the Los Angeles area, one of whom was Bill Williams of the rescue party.<hi rend="supsercript">30</hi> The man who was injured in battle, and who was supposed to have been without all of his faculties, remained in San Pedro among the hunters. It is s
aid he was strong enough to do the work of three or four normal men.<hi rend="supsercript">31</hi>
\par 
\par Captain Hubbard intended to return to the island after the storm to find the woman and her child. However, before he could do so, he had two other commitments to fulfill. The first of these was to take George Nidever to the islands of Santa Rosa and San M
i
guel for otter hunting in September, 1835. Among those present on the hunt was Mr. Sparks, who told Mr. Nidever of the Indian woman.<hi rend="supsercript">32</hi> It is ironic that George Nidever, who was, in a way, responsible for the woman's being left 
o
n the island, was so influential in her finally being found. Captain Hubbard's second task was to take a load of lumber from San Pedro to San Francisco. On this voyage, the ship capsized at the Golden Gate, was washed out to sea and captured by the Russia
ns.<hi rend="supsercript">33</hi> {\*\atrfstart 414894237}After the loss of the <emph>Peor es Nada</emph>, it was impossible to make any effort to rescue the woman because there was no other ship available that was large enough to make the trip safely.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid14375859 {\*\atrfend 414894237}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 414894237}{\*\atndate 120748939}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid14375859 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid14375859 No boat available}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3345005 <hi rend="supsercript">34</hi>
\par 
\par By this time, the woman was given up for dead because of the wild dogs that roamed the island.<hi rend="supsercript">35</hi> It is interesting to note that these wild dogs, which were so troublesome, had once been the prized animals of the Indians. H
owever, over the years, the dogs grew in numbers to a point where they were no longer welcome.
\par 
\par After California became a State, some interest was aroused again in San Nicolas Island but it did not have to do with the woman. Everyone had forgotten about he
r except Father Gonzales of the Santa Barbara Mission. When a European, Tom Jeffries, obtained a ship and expressed a desire to explore the island, Father Gonzales offered him $200 to bring the woman or her child or both back alive.<hi rend="supsercript">
3
6</hi> When Jeffries' ship returned to Santa Barbara, people lined the shore waiting for the signal to indicate he found the woman, but no signal was given. The woman was soon forgotten again, but the trip was not. The otter and seal that had once populat
ed the island had returned, and hunting there would once again be excellent.
\par 
\par <hi rend="bold">The Search</hi>
\par 
\par As California grew, the size and number of ships on the coast increased. The Gold Rush in 1849 undoubtedly had some influence on this. Finally, wi
th larger ships available, George Nidever went to San Nicolas Island in April, 1852, and he took Mr. Jeffries along with him on this trip. They planned to collect sea gull eggs which were in great demand at that time.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid14375859\charrsid14375859 ###}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3345005 The landing party, made up of Mr. 
Nidever, Mr. Jeffries and two Indians, set foot on the island six or seven miles from the southern tip. About two-hundred yards from the beach, they found human footprints. They were small in size and could not have been those of a man. Because the intact
 prints were sunk into the dried and cracked ground, it was concluded that they had been made shortly after a rainstorm when the ground was soft.
\par 
\par A few hundred yards, still farther from the beach and about two miles apart, the group found three small circu
lar huts made of sage brush. These huts stood about five feet high, six feet in diameter and showed signs of lack of use for some period of time. There were several poles, four-to-six feet high outside each hut. Seal blubber, which appeared to be at least
 
three months old, had been stuck on the top of each pole and out of the reach of the dogs. Upon seeing these signs, the group was convinced that someone was on the island, as Isaac Sparks had said. Before any further searching could be done, a gale came u
p
 and forced them to return to their ship. Even though they were on the southern side of the island, they were blown about a great deal. After eight days, they sailed to Santa Barbara Island for shelter and returned to the mainland of Santa Barbara when th
e gale subsided.<hi rend="supsercript">37</hi>
\par 
\par Upon hearing of the discovery of the footprints, Father Gonzales asked that they make every effort to find the woman. After taking a load of lumber to Santa Cruz, Nidever returned to Santa Barbara and outfitte
d his ship for an otter and seal hunt on San Nicolas Island. On this trip, Nidever had a man named Carl Dittman, alias Charles Brown, and two Indians along with him, in addition to the regular crew.
\par 
\par They landed on the island at the southern end and Nideve
r, Dittman and the Indians went ashore to see where the otter lay. They found nothing of the woman on this landing. On the third day, they landed toward the northern end of the island. The Indians were left to watch the boat while Nidever and Dittman star
t
ed toward the headland. About one-half mile from the headland they came upon a wide, low, sandy flat that extended from one side of the island to the other. They started across on the edge of the flat (which side is not known). In the crotch of a small Ma
lva Real tree they found a small basket woven out of grass, about threefeet long, one-and-a-half feet wide, and some fourteeninches deep. It was covered with a piece of sealskin.<hi rend="supsercript">38</hi>
\par 
\par They removed the basket from its perch and unco
vered it. Inside they found a dress made of cormorant shag (skins of birds sewn together with the feathers pointing downward). The basket also contained several square pieces of shag, bone needles and knives, fish hooks made of abalone shell, and a rope m
a
de of sinews which was a half-inch in diameter and about 25-feet long. Dittman noted that the rope compared with the best of its day on the mainland. The men concluded that the rope had been used to snare seals for food.<hi rend="supsercript">39</hi> All 
of these items were neatly placed in the basket. Nidever wanted to spread the articles around and then return to see if the woman had replaced them. Dittman was opposed to disturbing the things, but finally agreed to having them spread about.
\par 
\par The next two 
or three days were spent hunting. Then a strong wind came up and soon increased to a gale. The men remained on the island about a week hoping that the storm would blow itself out and allow them to go ashore and check on the basket. However, since the stor
m
 showed no signs of abating they left for the safety of the mainland. Dittman reported that Nidever was so excited about finding the basket he almost ran the ship on a reef at San Miguel Island where they stopped and found shelter.<hi rend="supsercript">4
0</hi>
\par 
\par Once again, there is some confusion about this second trip to the island. Dittman's story seems to make the most sense. In three different reports by Nidever, he has varying stories. In one case, it appears that the report could be in error. This di
screpancy has to do with the finding of footprints and a piece of driftwood. Dittman and Nidever both reported this on the third trip<hi rend="supsercript">41</hi> but, in one of Nidever' s reports, he said it occurred on the second trip<hi rend="supsercr
ipt">42</hi> This point is rather minor. The important thing is that they all agree on finding the basket.
\par 
\par Another point of controversy arises in the reports concerning the dogs on the island. They were said to have looked like coyotes, but they were white
 and black.<hi rend="supsercript">43</hi> If they actually had been coyotes, they would have been mottled light brown, white and grey. Both men agree on seeing the dogs but they disagree on which trip, the second or third. It is possible that since these 
d
ogs roamed the entire island, they could have seen them both times. Nidever reports that seven or eight dogs were seen on the second trip in 1852.<hi rend="supsercript">44</hi> Dittman mentions seeing only two or three on the third trip in 1853.<hi rend="
supsercript">45</hi>
\par 
\par There is some discrepancy in the reports regarding the starting date of the third trip. Was it June, July or August? All sources consulted state that the Indian woman lived only three months from the time that she was found. In the boo
k of Burials of Santa Barbara Mission, entry Number 1183 records the burial of the Indian woman (Juana Maria), and it is dated October 19, 1853.<hi rend="supsercript">46</hi> This would mean that she had to be found sometime in late July or early August, 
1853. The exact date is not known or, at least it could not be found in any of the primary sources.
\par 
\par During the summer of 1853, Nidever
 refitted his ship for another otter hunt on the Channel Islands. The men hoped for better weather this time since it was summer and they did not expect storms. First, they went to San Miguel Island, but there is no record of how long they stayed there. I
f they remained there a week or two, the reports of starting the trip in June, 1853, would be very plausible.<hi rend="supsercript">47</hi>
\par 
\par After leaving San Miguel Island they headed toward San Nicolas Island, arriving there in the early afternoon. Again,
 there is no record of how long the trip took. However, since it was seventy miles from San Pedro, and still farther from Santa Barbara, it can be assumed that the trip took one or two days.
\par 
\par They landed on the northeast, or inland side, at about the middl
e of the island. As soon as they anchored, Dittman, Nidever and two Indians went ashore to see where the otter lay. When they reached the shore, the Indians were left to watch the boat while Dittman and Nidever went on ahead. They started off toward the h
ead of the island and Dittman reported seeing several dogs. They were very wild and ran away as soon as they saw the men.<hi rend="supsercript">48</hi>
\par 
\par When they reached the head of the island, Nidever wanted to sit down and rest while Dittman went on ahea
d along the shore on the seaward side of the island. After walking for some distance, he found footprints leading from the beach, up over a bank and toward the ridge above. He followed them until they disappeared in a thick moss that covered the ground. N
idever reported that there was a matted area in the moss that looked as if the woman had sat down to rest before going on.<hi rend="supsercript">49</hi>
\par 
\par Dittman returned to Nidever and told him what he had found. At first, Nidever thought that the footprin
ts must have been made by the Indians they had brought with them, but changed his mind when he saw the size of the footprints. They were too small for either of the Indians. Furthermore, it would have been impossible for the Indians to have gone ahead of 
them without being noticed.
\par 
\par Because of the dogs they had seen earlier, Nidever did not think that they would find the woman alive or even find her remains. In spite of this belief, he decided to search that end of the island thoroughly the following day. S
ince it was getting late, they started toward the boat and discontinued their search for the day.
\par 
\par The following morning after they had finished breakfast, the entire crew, except for the cook, went ashore to search. Dittman took three Indians and an Irish
man named Colorado and started out for the sandy flat. Arriving there, they spread out in a straight line and walked from one side of the island to the other. This pass brought no results. Dittman then sent the men back to search the edges, and especially
 
the area where the basket had been found on the previous trip. Dittman headed toward the spot where he had found the footprints the night before. When he located them, he followed them up over the bank and up the side of the ridge until they ended. He con
tinued up the ridge in the same direction as the footprints until he found a piece of driftwood which, he concluded, the Indian woman had probably dropped on her way back to her camp.
\par 
\par From this point on the ridge, Dittman could see three huts farther up th
e ridge. On closer investigation, he found that the huts were made of whale's ribs and covered with brush. Grass was growing inside them and there were other signs that the huts had not been used for a long time. From the huts, Dittman could see all of th
e
 men moving about below him. He looked around the area and, at some distance on the northeast side of the ridge and about half way up, he saw what appeared to be a crow moving about in the brush. As he came closer, he found that it was the woman with her 
h
ead and shoulders showing over the top of an enclosure like those previously described. Dittman was able to get within several yards of the woman because she was facing the other direction and did not notice him. As he came closer, two dogs that were by t
he hut began to growl. As soon as they started to growl, the woman yelled and they ran away.
\par 
\par From this vantage point with the men still in sight, Dittman placed his hat on the ramrod of his rifle and raised and lowered it to attract the attention of his me
n. When they finally saw his signal, he motioned for them to come to where he was standing. As the men were closing in, the woman saw them. She shaded her eyes and looked every few minutes, all the while talking to herself very rapidly.
\par 
\par As he waited for his men to come closer, Dittman had a chance to observe the woman and her surroundings.
\par 
\par <emph>.... She was seated cross legged on the ground and was engaged in separating the blubber from a piece of seal skin which was lying across one knee and held by one
 hand. In the other hand she grasped a crude knife, a piece of iron hoop thrust into a rough piece of wood for a handle and held so that the back of the hand was turned down, scraping and cutting from, instead of toward her. Just outside of the enclosure 
t
here was a high pile of ashes and bones showing that she had lived in this place for some time. Baskets of grass and vessels of the same material made in the shape of a flagon and lined with asphaltum, used to hold water, were scattered about. On a sinew 
r
ope stretched between two poles, several feet above the ground were hanging pieces of seal blubber, while near her was the head of a seal from which the brains, already putrid were running. Her covering consisted of a single garment of the shag's skin, th
e
 feathers out and pointed downward, in shape resembling a loose gown. It was sleeveless, low in the neck and was girded at the waist with a sinew rope. When she stood up, as I afterwards observed, it extended nearly to the ankles. She had no covering on h
er head; her hair which was thickly matted and bleached a reddish brown, hung down her shoulders.</emph> <hi rend="supsercript">50</hi>
\par 
\par As soon as the men had come close enough for Dittman to signal to them, he ordered them to circle the woman to prevent h
er escaping. When they were still some distance away, but not so far as to allow the woman to escape, Dittman stepped out in front of her. {\*\atrfstart 414894238}
Instead of running, as he thought she might, she seemed very happy to see him. She began talking and gesticulating, b
ut none of this was intelligible to him. As each of the men approached her the woman bowed in greeting and started talking to them. During this time Dittman signaled to Nidever who was below on the beach and took no great part in the search.<hi rend="sups
ercript">51</hi>
\par 
\par When all of the men had arrived at her camp, the woman had them sit down. Then she took two types of roots and placed them in the fire to roast. When they were done, she took them out and passed them around to the men and made signs for them to eat. }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid15670356 {\*\atrfend 414894238}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 414894238}{\*\atndate 120748952}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid15670356 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15670356 Indian queen}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3345005 
According to both Dittman and Nidever, one of the roots was called a <emph>carcomite</emph> by the Californians.<hi rend="supsercript">52</hi>
\par 
\par All of the Indians in the group tried to converse with the woman, but all proved unsuccessful except in sign language. Nidever asked the Indians if they thought that they could handle the woman if they had to remove her forcibly. They said that it would b
e no problem but Dittman said that force would not be necessary.
\par 
\par Nidever tried to show the woman in sign language that she was to go with them back to the mainland, but she was not able to understand Nidever and was confused. Dittman attracted her attentio
n by tapping her on the shoulder. Then he took one of her baskets and went through the motions of packing and the woman understood this very well. She understood even better when Dittman said, "Vamoose." When she heard this word she quickly went to work p
acking all of her things including the seal's head.<hi rend="supsercript">53</hi>
\par 
\par When everything was packed, she picked up as much as she could carry and the men picked up the rest. She started off toward the beach but Nidever, still not trusting her, had
 two Indians lead with Dittman and himself following the woman to prevent her escape. They stopped to rest at a pool of fresh water near the beach and noticed that the surface of this pool always seemed to be rippled as if a breeze were blowing over it. D
ittman observed the strange phenomenon on this occasion and on several future stops at the pool.<hi rend="supsercript">54</hi>
\par 
\par There were several poles around the pool on which the men hung the articles they had been carrying. They made signs for the woman
 to do the same thing. She did so without hesitation. They noticed that there were bones in the cracks and fissures of the rocks around the pond. The men concluded that the woman had left the bones there because she carried bones in one of her baskets and
 
occasionally she would suck on a bone and then put it back in the basket. From time to time she took bits of food from her basket and ate it. Dittman says that she never ate much at one time but that she ate several times during the day.<hi rend="supsercr
ipt">55</hi>
\par 
\par After they rested the party continued along the bank until they came to another pool. At this point the woman made signs that she wished to bathe. The crew went on ahead to the boat and Dittman and Nidever withdrew until she was finished. When
 she returned they proceeded walking on to the beach. She understood their signs telling her to get into the boat. After boarding, she went to the bow and sat down, placing one hand on each side of the boat.
\par 
\par Arriving at the schooner, the woman climbed abo
ard and went to the galley where she made signs to indicate that it was warm and it seemed to please her. At dinner time the crew gave the woman some of their food which she ate without any signs that it disagreed with her.<hi rend="supsercript">56</hi>

\par 
\par T
hat afternoon, Dittman made the woman her first "civilized" clothes in order to preserve the unusual cormorant feather gown she was wearing. Her new outfit consisted of a petticoat made of ticking, a man's a black necktie and an old cape which Nidever gav
e
 to her. While Dittman was making her petticoat she laughed at his method of sewing. About this time, Nidever gave her the cape which was badly in need of mending. Since her eyes seemed to be weak, she could not see to thread the needle and Dittman thread
e
d it for her so that she could mend the cape. Her method was rather unusual. She placed the cloth between her legs, then thrust the needle through the cloth with one hand and then pulled the needle the remainder of the way with the other hand. In spite of
 its crudeness, her method proved to be successful. She was very pleased with her new clothes and wanted everyone to notice her wearing them.<hi rend="supsercript">57</hi>
\par 
\par The next day the crew went ashore in the same location to set up a camp for otter hunting. They put up a tent for themselves and a hut-type shelter for the woman. They remained on the island for nearly a month. {\*\atrfstart 414894239}
During this time, the men were gone nearly all day, but the woman kept busy collecting firewood and water for the camp. She did t
his willingly and without ever being asked. She always wanted to help in any way that she could. While working, she talked, laughed and sang. If she wasn't helping out in the camp she was weaving baskets.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid15670356 {\*\atrfend 414894239}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 414894239}{\*\atndate 120748955}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid15670356 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15670356 Noble savage}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3345005  She worked on several baskets at one time, going
 from one to the other. As a result, she never finished any that she had started.<hi rend="supsercript">58</hi>
\par 
\par The woman seemed to like the type of food the men prepared. Only once did she show any sign of returning to her old source of food. On this occ
asion Dittman killed a female otter and dragged it ashore to skin it. After it was skinned he was going to dispose of the carcass. The woman stopped him and scolded him for the waste of meat. She dragged the carcass up the beach and left it. After a few d
ays, however, the carcass began to smell, and when the crew went to dispose of it, the woman made no objections. In fact, Dittman says, she made signs to get rid of it because of the smell.<hi rend="supsercript">59</hi>
\par 
\par The otter was within a few days of g
iving birth when it had been shot. The unborn otter was removed from the female, skinned and stuffed, and given to the woman. She hung it by a string in her shelter and played with it for hours, hitting it to keep it in motion.<hi rend="supsercript">60</h
i>
\par 
\par Having completed their hunt, the group packed to leave the island. After their departure, such a violent storm arose that they thought they would have to return to the island for safety. {\*\atrfstart 414894240}
During the storm the woman made signs that she could stop the wind
. She knelt down on the deck facing the wind and seemed to be praying. She did this a number of times during the day, and when the wind stopped that afternoon, she smiled and made signs that her prayers had been answered.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 
\ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid8734716 {\*\atrfend 414894240}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 414894240}{\*\atndate 120748959}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid8734716 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8734716 Indian queen}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3345005  The night was spent on the lee 
side of Santa Cruz Island and the next morning they set out for the Santa Barbara mainland.<hi rend="supsercript">61</hi>
\par 
\par As they sailed into Santa Barbara harbor, the woman saw an ox-cart on the shore. {\*\atrfstart 414894241}She pointed to it and danced and laughed the entire 
time it was in sight. One of Nidever' s sons had come on horseback to greet them as they came ashore and the woman ran around the horse pointing, laughing and dancing}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid8734716 {\*\atrfend 414894241}
{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 414894241}{\*\atndate 120748960}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid8734716 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8734716 Noble savage}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid3345005 .<hi rend="supsercript">62</hi>
\par 
\par After his arrival in Santa Barbara, Nidever took the w
oman to stay at his home. While she was there she often went into town, but she never came home without some gifts for the children. Many people stopped at Santa Barbara to see her; some brought gifts which she accepted but did not open
{\*\atrfstart 414894242}. After the people had gone, she would take great delight in giving the gifts to the children of the house. The woman was always in good spirits and sang and danced when people came}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid8734716 {\*\atrfend 414894242}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 414894242}{\*\atndate 120748961}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid8734716 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8734716 Noble savage}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3345005 .<hi rend="supsercript">63</hi>
\par 
\par In an effort to find someone who could speak the woman's language, the Mission Fathers sent for the Indians from surrounding areas. It is not clear if they were unable to find a translator or, if those who came could not converse with her
{\*\atrfstart 414894243}. It is not unlikely that, over the period of eighteen years, she had developed a language of her own.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid4926703 {\*\atrfend 414894243}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}
\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 414894243}{\*\atndate 120748975}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid4926703 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4926703 Wild child}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3345005 
 She must have heard the language of the hunters who came to the island during those the years, because she used such words as pickininy in referring to her child, and <emph>manana</emph>.<hi rend="supsercript">64</hi>
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 414894244}In sig
n language, the woman told Nidever and others that, " .... she did not find her child, that she wandered for days without tasting any food or drink, sometimes sleeping but [a] little, until her clothes were torn, and her feet and legs bleeding."<}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid4926703 {\*\atrfend 414894244}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 414894244}{\*\atndate 120748975}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid4926703 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4926703 Signs easily interpreted}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3345005 hi rend="supsercript">65</hi>
\par 
\par The fact that she did not find her child is recorded in several different accounts by Nidever, and it can be assumed to be true. The stories about her finding the child and its being partially devoured by the dogs came from sources 
that have proved to be erroneous in several instances. The fact that the woman did not find her child would tend to discount the claim of Arthur R. Sanger of Los Angeles who says that he has the skeleton of the child.<hi rend="supsercript">66</hi>
\par 
\par With regard to the child, Nidever continues in his report:
\par 
\par <emph>{\*\atrfstart 414894245}After a time she forgot her child and sang and danced. She also told that she was very sick at one time; that she had seen vessels passing two [sic] and fro but none came to take her off; that she 
saw us on the island before we found her .... }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid4926703 {\*\atrfend 414894245}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 414894245}{\*\atndate 120748977}\ltrpar 
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid4926703 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4926703 Signs easily interpreted}{\*\bkmkstart _GoBack}{\*\bkmkend _GoBack}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3345005 
About 5 weeks after she was brought over, she was taken sick from eating too much fruit and 7 weeks from the day of her arrival died.</emph><hi rend="supsercript">67</hi>
\par 
\par While the Indian woman was ill, Mrs
. Nidever cared for her. She cooked some seal blubber for her but the woman would not eat it and pointed to her worn teeth. Before she died, the Mission Fathers baptized her <emph>sub conditione</emph> (conditionally, because they did not know if she had 
been baptized before) and named her Juana Maria. She was buried in the Mission cemetery on October 19, 1853. The burial record is Number 1183 on Folio 13 of the Register of Burials of the Presidio of Santa Barbara.
\par 
\par The woman's possessions were great curios
ities. One of her two water-tight baskets was given to some unknown person who reported this along with a picture of the basket to <emph>Hutchings' Californa Magazine</emph>.<hi rend="supsercript">68</hi> Her dress and several other articles were reported
l
y sent to Rome's Vatican Museum, but there have been no reliable reports of their ever having been seen. The remainder of her things, and probably the dress, were sent to San Francisco, where they were lost in the 1906 earthquake.<hi rend="supsercript">69
</hi>
\par 
\par In 1928 a plaque was erected on the church wall in the Santa Barbara Mission Cemetery. It reads as follows:
\par 
\par <hi rend="bold">JUANA MARIA</hi>
\par 
\par <hi rend="bold">INDIAN WOMAN ABANDONED ON SAN NICOLAS ISLAND EIGHTEEN YEARS FOUND AND BROUGHT TO SANTA BARBARA BY CAPT. GEORGE NIDEVER IN 1853</hi>
\par 
\par <hi rend="bold">SANTA BARBARA CHAPTER DAUGHTERS OF THE AMERICAN REVOLUTION 1928</hi>
\par 
\par It is almost beyond the grasp of a normal person to imagine how a human being could be left alone for eighteen years on an island and still remain as happy and cheerful as did Juana Maria and all of the time hoping and waiting for her rescue.
\par 
\par <hi rend="bold">Epilogue</hi>
\par 
\par One might wonder what has happened to Juana Maria and to San Nicolas Island since 1853. No one knows where 
the remains of Juana Maria, or most others, are buried in the Santa Barbara Mission Cemetery. The practice of that day was to dig up the bones of all of those in an area and re-bury them in a common grave when the cemetery filled up. For this reason, the 
plaque to Juana Maria is on the wall of the Church in the Mission Cemetery and not on any particular plot of ground.
\par 
\par At one time or another, sheep were run on many of the Channel Islands, totally destroying any natural vegetation on the islands. As a resul
t, they are slowly being worn away. In a conversation with the Navy's Ecologist, Mr. Ron Dow, in October of 1982, I learned that there were no otter on San Nicolas Island, but there were large numbers of sea lions and sea elephants. The island is indeed w
e
aring away and Mr. Dow and others spend considerable time investigating areas where the elements have exposed burial sites from the Indian inhabitants. Once the sites are researched, the remains are carefully re-buried where, it is hoped, they will remain
 undisturbed by the elements in future years.
\par 
\par <hi rend="bold">San Nicolas Island Today</hi>
\par 
\par San Nicolas is one of the eight Channel Islands off the southern California coast and contains over 20 square miles of gently rolling terrain accented with steep s
ea cliffs. These steep cliffs are perfect nesting habitat for seabirds such as cormorants and western gulls. Atop the island the tiny island fox reigns as the largest land mammal. The isolated beaches provide resting places for three species of pinnipeds 
(seals and sea lions )--northern elephant seals, harbor seals and California sea lions.
\par 
\par Dense undersea kelp forests surround the island providing food and shelter for many species of fish, invertebrates, and once again--for sea otters. Pristine tidepools r
ing the island's rocky shores where crabs, abalone, sea urchins and sea snails have adapted to their ever-changing homes. San Nicolas Island is typical of the islands in the Channel Islands archipelago--but it is also unique.
\par 
\par <hi rend="bold">A Military Presence</hi>
\par 
\par Since 1933, San Nicolas Island has been under the jurisdiction of the U. S. Navy. Approximately 400 people work and staff the island. San Nicolas is part of the Pacific Missle Test Center's Sea Test Range. Navy personnel work on projects such 
as missle tracking and weapon system testing. A 10,000 foot runway accomodates supersonic target aircraft and planes from the mainland during operations. Facilities for island personnel include a bowling alley, cafeteria and a hobby shop. Because of the m
ilitary operations, visitation by the general public is prohibited.
\par 
\par The natural resources of San Nicolas Island are managed by a joint agreement between the Department of the Navy, the Department of the Interior and California's Department of Fish and Game.
\par 
\par The U. S. Fish and Wildlife Service is currently working on a sea otter recovery program on the island. Once abundant around all the Channel Islands, sea otters were hunted to extinction for their valuable pelts. Biologists working on the sea otter proj
ect relocate animals from the Monterey Bay population in hopes that a colony of otters will be established once again in Southern California.
\par 
\par <hi rend="bold">About the Author:</hi>
\par 
\par <hi rend="bold">John P. Harrigan graduated from Cal Poly Pomona in June, 
1970. He is a Licensed Electrical Engineer for the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power. John says he enjoys working in the department's old hydro-electric power plants, some of which date back to 1908.</hi>
\par 
\par <hi rend="bold">John is a member of the Scenic Mount Lowe Historical Committee and a volunteer with the U.S. Forest Service working on the preservation of the old Mount Lowe Railway System in the mountains above Altadena, California.</hi>
\par 
\par <hi rend="bold">End Notes:</hi>
\par 
\par 1. Robert M. Norriss, "Marine Geology of the San  Nicolas Island Region," (Ph D. thesis, Scripps Institute of Oceanography, California, n d.).
\par 
\par 2. Bruce Bryan, Archaeologist and author, employed at Southwest Museum, Los Angeles, California. Personal interview, October 9, 1966.
\par 
\par 3. Charlea Billinger, <emph>The California Islands</emph>, (Los Angeles, 1958), p. 119.
\par 
\par 4. Henry R. Wagner, <emph>The Cartograph of the Northwest Coast of America to the Year 1800</emph>, (Berkley, 1937), p. 412.
\par 
\par 5. Billinger, p. 11.
\par 
\par 6. A. L. Kroeber, <emph>Handbook of the Indian of California</emph>, Bureau of American Ethnology Bulletin 78, (Washington, 1925), p. 635.
\par 
\par 7. Emma C. Hardacre, <emph>Eighteen Years Alone</emph>, (Santa Barbara, 1850), p. 4. (Reprinted from <emph>Scribner's Monthly</emph>).
\par 
\par 8. Billinger, p. 120.
\par 
\par 9. Hardacre, <emph>Eighteen Years Alone</emph>, reprint, p. 4.
\par 
\par 10. Billinger, p. 120.
\par 
\par 11. Ibid., p. 119.
\par 
\par 12. Hardacre, p. 5.
\par 
\par 13. Ibid., p. 5.
\par 
\par 14. Jesse D. Jennings, ed., <emph>American Antiquity</emph>, XIX,
\par (Salt Lake City, 1953-54), p. 348.
\par 
\par 15. Bernice Eastman Johnson, <emph>California's Gabrielino Indian</emph>, (Los Angeles, 1963), p. 102.
\par 
\par 16. Stephen Bowers, "The Lone Woman of San Nicolas Island," Ventura <emph>Weekly Observer</emph>, December 20, 1892. (Reprint, no numbered pages).
\par 
\par 17. C. J. W. Russell, "Narrative of a Woman Who was Eighteen Years Alone Upon the Island of San Nicolas, Coast of California," <emph>Hutchings' California Magazine</emph>, VI, 5, (November, 1856), p. 209.
\par 
\par 18. Bowers.
\par 
\par 19. Ibid.
\par 
\par 20. Bowers.
\par 
\par 21. Hardacre, <emph>Eighteen Years Alone<emph>, reprint, p. 7.
\par 
\par 22. Ibid., p. 6.
\par 
\par 23. William D. Phelps, "Logbook of the 'Alert' 1842," in <emph>Aboriginal California</emph>, (Berkeley, 1963), p. 146.
\par 
\par 24. George Nidever, "The Life and Adventures of a Pioneer of California since 1834," in <emph>Aboriginal California</emph>, (Berkeley, 1963), p. 136.
\par 
\par 25. Ibid., p. 137.
\par 
\par 26. George Nidever, "The Life and Adventures of
\par a Pioneer of California since 1834," in Aboriginal California,
\par (Berkeley, 1963), p. 136.
\par 
\par 27. Hardacre, <emph>Eighteen Years Alone</emph>, reprint, p. 8.
\par 
\par 28. Ibid.
\par 
\par 29. Phelps, p. 146.
\par 
\par 30. Nidever, in Aboriginal California, p. 136.
\par 
\par 31. Ibid.
\par 
\par 32. Ibid., p. 138.
\par 
\par 33. Nidever, in <emph>Aboriginal California</emph>, p. 137.
\par 
\par 34. Hardacre, <emph>Eighteen Years Alone</emph>, reprint, p.8.
\par 
\par 35. Ibid.
\par 
\par 36. Ibid., p. 9.
\par 
\par 37. Nidever, in <emph>Aboriginal California</emph>, pp. 138-139.
\par 
\par 38. Carl Dittman, "Narrative of a Seafaring Life on the Coast of California," in <emph>Aboriginal California</emph>, (Berkeley, 1963), p. 129.
\par 
\par 39. Carl Dittman, "Narrative of a Seafaring Life on the Coast of California," in <emph>Aboriginal California</emph>, (Berkeley, 1963), p. 130.
\par 
\par 40. Ibid.
\par 
\par 41. Ibid.
\par 
\par 42. Nidever, in <emph>Aboriginal California</emph>, p. 138.
\par 
\par 43. Dittman, in <emph>Aboriginal California</emph>, p. 131.
\par 
\par 44. Nidever, in <emph>Aboriginal California</emph>, p. 164.
\par 
\par 45. Dittman, op. cit., p. 132.
\par 
\par 46. Robert F. Heizer and Albert B. Elsasser, editors, <emph>Aboriginal California</emph>, (Berkeley, 1963), Appendix, p.177 (photostat of burial record).
\par 
\par 47. Dittman, op. cit., p. 138.
\par 
\par 48. Ibid., pp. 130-131.
\par 
\par 49. Nidever, in <emph>Aboriginal California</emph>, p. 139.
\par 
\par 50. Dittman, in <emph>Aboriginal California</emph>, p. 132.
\par 
\par 51. George Nidever, as told to E.F. Murray, <emph>The Indian Woman of San Nicolas Island</emph>, MS. Original at Southwest Museum.
\par 
\par 52. Dittman, op. cit., p. 133.
\par 
\par 53. Nidever, in <emph>Aboriginal California</emph>, pp. 142-143.
\par 
\par 54. Dittman, op. cit., p. 133.
\par 
\par 55. Dittman, in <emph>Aboriginal California</emph>, p. 133.
\par 
\par 56. Ibid., p. 134.
\par 
\par 57. Nidever, in <emph>Aboriginal California</emph>, p. 143.
\par 
\par 58. Nidever, in <emph>Aboriginal California,</emph> p. 143.
\par 
\par 59. Dittman, in <emph>Aboriginal California</emph>, pp. 134-135.
\par 
\par 60. Ibid., p. 135.
\par 
\par 61. Ibid.
\par 
\par 62. Nidever, in <emph>Aboriginal California</emph>, pp. 144-145.
\par 
\par 63. Hardacre, <emph>Eighteen Years Alone</emph>, reprint, p. 19.
\par 
\par 64. Nidever, op. cit., p. 145.
\par 
\par 65. Ibid.
\par 
\par 66. Billinger, p. 124.
\par 
\par 67. Nidever, op. cit., pp. 145-146.
\par 
\par 68. "Indian Woman of San Nicolas Island," <emph>Hutchings' California Magazine</emph>, I, 8, (February, 1857), p. 347.
\par 
\par 69. Kroeber, <emph>Handbook</emph>, p. 634.
\par 
\par <hi rend="bold">Bibliography</hi>
\par 
\par Bowers, Stephen, Ph. D. "The Lone Woman of 
San Nicolas Island." Ventura <emph>Weekly Observer</emph>, (December 20, 1892). (Original reprint of two articles which appeared in the <emph>Weekly Observer</emph> December 9, and December 16, 1892, in a pamphlet at Southwest Museum, Los Angeles, Califor
nia. n.p.)
\par 
\par Bryan, Bruce. Personal interview with archaeologist and author employed at Southwest Museum, Los Angeles, California. October 9, 1966.
\par 
\par Bryan, Bruce. "San Nicolas Island, Treasure House of the Ancients." Part I. <emph>Art and Archaeology</emph>, XXIX, No. 4 (April, 1930).
\par 
\par Dittman, Carl, as told to E. F. Murray. "Narrative of a Seafaring on the Coast of California, 1878." MS. C-D67. Berkeley: University of California Bancroft Library.
\par 
\par Dittman, Carl. "Narrative of a Seafaring Life on the Coast of California, 1878," in <emph>Aboriginal California</emph>, Berkley: University of California, 1963
\par 
\par Ellison, William Henry, (ed.). <emph>The Life and Adventures of George Nidever 1802 -1883</emph>. Berkeley: University of California, 1937.
\par 
\par Hardacre, Emma C. "Eighteen Years Alone." <emph>Scribner's Monthly</emph>, XX (September, 1880), 657-664.
\par 
\par Hardacre, Emma C. <emph>Eighteen Years Alone</emph>. Santa Barbara, California: Schauer Printing Studio, Inc. 1950. (Reprint of Scribner's article.)
\par 
\par Heizer, Robert
 F. and Elsasser, Albert B., editors. "Original Accounts of the Lone Woman of San Nicolas Island," in <emph>Aboriginal California</emph>. Reports of the University of California Archaeological Survey, No. 55. Berkeley: University of California, 1963. pp. 
121-177.
\par 
\par Hillinger, Charles. <emph>The California Islands</emph>, Chapter IX. Los Angeles: Academy Publishers, 1958. pp. 119- 120.
\par 
\par Holder, Charles F. <emph>The Channel Islands of California</emph>. Chicago: A. C: McClurg and Co., 1910.
\par 
\par "Indian Woman of San Nicolas Island." Anonymous author. <emph>Hutchings' California Magazine</emph>, Vol. I, No. 8 (February, 1857), pp. 347-348. Copy of magazine at Southwest Museum, Los Angeles, California.
\par 
\par Jennings, Jesse D., editor. <emph>American Antiquity</emph>. Vol. XIX. Salt Lake City: The Society of American Archaeology, 1953-54. p. 348.
\par 
\par Johnson, Bernice Eastman. <emph>California's Gabrielino Indian</emph>. Los Angeles: Southwest Museum, 1963.
\par 
\par Kroeber, A. L. <emph>Cultural and Natural Areas of Native North America</emph>. Berkeley: University of California, 1947.
\par 
\par Kroeber, A. L. <emph>Handbook of the Indians of California</emph>. Bureau of American Ethnology Bulletin 78. Washington: Government Printing Office, 1925.
\par 
\par Nidever, George, as told to E. F. Murray. <emph>The Indian Woman of San Nicolas Island</emph>. MS. Santa Barbara, California. November 4, 1878. Original manuscript at Southwest Museum, Los Angeles, California.
\par 
\par Nidever, George. "Life and Adventures of a Pioneer of California Since 1834." MS. Reprinted in <emph>Aboriginal Californa</emph>. Berkeley: University of California, 1963.
\par 
\par Norriss, Robert M. "Marine Geology of the San Nicolas Island Region." Ph. D. thesis. Scripps Institution of Oceanography, La Jolla, California. n.d.
\par 
\par Phelps, W. D. "Logbooks of the' Alert' 1840-1843." MS. (microfilm), University of California Bancroft Library, Berkeley, California. Original in Widener Library, Harvard University. n.d.
\par 
\par Phelps, W. D. "Logbook of the 'Alert', 1841," in <emph>Aboriginal California</emph>. Berkeley: University of California, 1963.
\par 
\par Russell, C. J. W. "Narrative of a Woman Who was Eighteen Years Alone Upon the Island of San Nicolas, Coast of California." <emph>Hutchings' California Magazine</emph>, VI, No.5 (November, 1856). pp. 209-211. Copy of m
agazine at Southwest Museum, Los Angeles, California.
\par 
\par Wagner, Henry R. <emph>The Cartograph of the Northwest Coast of America to the Year 1800</emph>, 2 V. Berkeley: University of California, 1937.
\par 
\par Yates, Lorenzo G. "The Deserted Homes of a Lost People." <emph>Overland Monthly</emph>, XXVII (1896). pp. 538-544.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13448032 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb6ac3301045f785fe83d0b6d8
72ba28a5d8cea249777d2cd20f18e4b12d6a8f843409c9df77ecb850ba082d74231062ce997b55ae8fe3a00e1893f354e9555e6885647de3a8abf4fbee29bbd7
2a3150038327acf409935ed7d757e5ee14302999a654e99e393c18936c8f23a4dc072479697d1c81e51a3b13c07e4087e6b628ee8cf5c4489cf1c4d075f92a0b
44d7a07a83c82f308ac7b0a0f0fbf90c2480980b58abc733615aa2d210c2e02cb04430076a7ee833dfb6ce62e3ed7e14693e8317d8cd0433bf5c60f53fea2fe7
065bd80facb647e9e25c7fc421fd2ddb526b2e9373fed4bb902e182e97b7b461e6bfad3f010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c00000
00360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4fc7060abb08
84a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b63095120f88d94fbc
52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462a1a82fe353
bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468
656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b4b0d592c9c
070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b4757e8d3f7
29e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100af2514d3ba060000581a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65
312e786d6cec59cf6fdb3614be0fd8ff20e8eefa9724db419dc296ed666bd216b5dba147daa62d369464887452a32830b4c701038675c30e2bb0db0ec3b6022d
b04bf7d764ebb075c0fe853d52b24cdaf49206390443938b457deff1e37be4f748f1eab58721b58e70c2481c35edf295926de168148f49346dda7707bd42ddb6
1847d118d138c24d7b81997d6df7c30faea21d1ee0105b601fb11dd4b403ce673bc5221b41336257e2198ee0dd244e42c4e1319916c7093a06bf212d564a25af
182212d9568442707b6b3221236c0d844b7b77e9bc4be131e24c348c68d217aeb16621b1e3c3b240b005f369621d21dab4a19f717c3cc00fb96d51c438bc68da
25f9671777af16d14e6644f9165bc5ae27ff32bbcc607c58917d26d361dea9e3b88ed7cafd4b00e59bb86eadeb75bddc9f04a0d108469a72517dbaed46bbe366
580594fe34f8eed43ad5b28657fc573738b75cf1afe12528f5ef6ce07b3d1fa2a8e12528c5bb1b78c7a9557c47c34b508af736f0b552abe3d434bc0405944487
1be892eb55fde56873c824a67b4678c3757ab54ae67c8582d990cf2ed1c5248ef8b6b916a20771d203800052c44964f1c50c4fd00866b18f281926c4da27d380
8b6ed00e46cafbb469c4369a448f161b2564c69bf6c73304eb62e5f59fd73ffef3faa575f2e4d5c9935f4e9e3e3d79f273ea48b3da43d154b57afbfd177f3fff
d4faebe5776f9f7d65c63315fffb4f9ffdf6eb9766202ca2159d375fbff8e3d58b37df7cfee70fcf0cf05682862a7c4042ccac9bf8d8ba1387303019159d391e
26ef66310810512d5ad194a108895e0cfebb3cd0d03717882203ae8df508de4b40444cc0ebf3071ae17e90cc393178bc11841af0208e693b4e8c51b821fa52c2
3c98475373e7c95cc5dd41e8c8d4b78f222dbfddf90cd493985cfa01d668dea628e2688a23cc2df12e3ec4d830bafb8468713d20a32466f1845bf789d546c418
9201196ab36965b44742c8cbc24410f2adc5e6e09ed58ea969d41d7ca4236155206a203fc0540be37534e72834b91ca090aa01df473c3091ec2f92918aeb320e
999e621a5bdd3166cc64732b81f12a49bf0102624efb015d843a32e1e4d0e4731fc5b18aecc4877e80c29909db2751a0623f6287304591753be626f841acaf10
f10c7940d1d674df23584bf7e96a7017b453a5b49a20e2cd3c31e4f23a8eb5f9db5fd009c2526a40da35c50e4974aa7ca73d5c9c708354bef9f6b981f76595ec
56428c6b666f4da8b7e1d6e5d98f9331b9fceadc41f3e8368605b159a2de8bf37b71b6fff7e2bc6d3d5fbc24af5418045a6c06d3edb6dc7c875bf7de1342699f
2f28de6772fbcda0f68c7bd028ece4b913e767b159003fc54a860e34dc3441d2c64a62fe09e1413f4033d8ba976de164ca32d75366cd62064746d96cf42df074
1e1ec4e3f4c8592e8be3652a1e0cf1557bc9cddbe1b8c053b4575b1da372f792ed541e77970484edbb90503ad349540d246acb46112479b886a01948c8915d08
8b8681455db85fa66a830550cbb3029b230bb6544ddb75c0048ce0cc84281e8b3ca5a95e665726f32233bd2d98da0c28c1778d6c06ac32dd105cb70e4f8c2e9d
6a67c8b44642996e3a09191959c35880c6389b9da2f52c34de35d78d554a357a2214592c141ab5fa7fb1386faec16e5d1b68a42a058dace3a6ed555d98322334
6bda1338bac3cf70067387894d2da253f8fe35e249bae0cfa32cb384f10e62411a70293aa91a8484e3c4a2246cda62f8791a68243544722b5740102e2db906c8
ca65230749d7938c27133ce26ada951611e9f411143ed50ae35b697e7eb0b08ce790ee7e303eb686749edc4130c5dc5a5904704c187cdf29a7d11c13f824990b
d96afead15a64c76d56f82720ea5ed88ce0294551455cc53b894f29c8e7cca63a03c656386802a21c90ae1702a0aac1a54ad9ae65523e5b0b5ea9e6e2422a788
e6aa666aaa22aaa659c5b41e9665602d96e72bf20aab6588a15caa153e95ee75c96d2cb56e6d9f90570908781e3f43d53d434150a8ad3ad3a809c69b322c343b
6bd56bc77280a7503b4b915054df5bba5d8b5b5e238cdd41e3b92a3fd8adcf5a689a2cf79532d2f2ee42bd5e88870f403c3af021774e3993a984cb8304c186a8
2ff724a96cc01279c8b3a501bfac79429af6a392db72fc8aeb174a75b75b70aa4ea950775bd542cb75abe5ae5b2e75da95c75058781096ddf4dea4071f9be822
bb3d91ed1b3728e1f27bda95511c166379435294c4e50d4ab992dda0c81b98a66dbc4ab108a8cf23afd26b541b6dafd0a8b67a05a7d3ae171abed72e743cbfd6
e9757cb7dee83db6ad2309765a55dff1baf58257f6fd82e395c438ea8d42cda9545a4ead55ef3aadc7d97e064290ea48161488b324b8fb2f000000ffff030050
4b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e
72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae9
95719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757d
a0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d00
14000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d
0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b000000000000000000000000002b0100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800
000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000140200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b
01022d0014000600080000002100af2514d3ba060000581a00001600000000000000000000000000d10200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e78
6d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000bf0900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000ba0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax267\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef1\lsdunhideuseddef1\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e352e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffffec69d9888b8b3d4c859eaf6cd158be0f000000000000000000000000e07d
0683ae65d001feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}