{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31506\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f37\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\f42\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Segoe UI;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f50\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f50\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f413\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f414\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f416\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f417\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f418\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f419\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f420\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f421\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\f463\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Segoe UI CE;}{\f464\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Segoe UI Cyr;}
{\f466\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Segoe UI Greek;}{\f467\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Segoe UI Tur;}{\f468\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Segoe UI (Hebrew);}{\f469\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Segoe UI (Arabic);}
{\f470\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Segoe UI Baltic;}{\f471\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Segoe UI (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \f31506\fs22 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\contextualspace \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 \styrsid1966978 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f31506\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs16 \sbasedon10 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid1539993 annotation reference;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\contextualspace \rtlch\fcs1 
\af31507\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 \slink17 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid1539993 annotation text;}{\*\cs17 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs20 
\sbasedon10 \slink16 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid1539993 Comment Text Char;}{\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\contextualspace \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af31507\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon16 \snext16 \slink19 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid1539993 annotation subject;}{\*\cs19 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs20 
\sbasedon17 \slink18 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid1539993 Comment Subject Char;}{\s20\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\contextualspace \rtlch\fcs1 \af42\afs18\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f42\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext20 \slink21 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid1539993 Balloon Text;}{\*\cs21 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af42\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f42\fs18 
\sbasedon10 \slink20 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid1539993 Balloon Text Char;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1539993\rsid1602020\rsid1966978\rsid3111353\rsid3676831\rsid11290171\rsid14252671\rsid15468398}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1
\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\author SCHWEBEL, SARA}{\operator Rachel Manuszak}{\creatim\yr2017\mo5\dy6\hr13\min41}{\revtim\yr2017\mo5\dy6\hr13\min41}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages17}{\nofwords10099}
{\nofchars57568}{\nofcharsws67532}{\vern31}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont1\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen
\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\viewnobound1\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel
\wrppunct\asianbrkrule\rsidroot11290171\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit\usenormstyforlist\noindnmbrts\felnbrelev\nocxsptable\indrlsweleven\noafcnsttbl\afelev\utinl\hwelev\spltpgpar\notcvasp\notbrkcnstfrctbl\notvatxbx\krnprsnet\cachedcolbal \nouicompat \fet0
{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\nofeaturethrottle1\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11290171\contextualspace \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid11290171 CHAPTER XIV.
\par 
\par INDIAN DOMESTIC RELATIONS AND MODES OF LIFE.
\par 
\par HAVING thus inquired into the so-called religious superstitions and ceremonies of the Indians of Alta California in their aboriginal state, and given an account of their sorcerors, chiefs and 
pulpem, their feasts, dances and wars, it is next important to examine into their domestic relations, their modes of life and ordinary occupations. In reference to these secular subjects, more reliance can be placed upon the missionary authorities than in
 
reference to religious notions and superstitions; but at the same time it must be remembered that their accounts relate to the most intelligent and furthest advanced of the tribes and that there were various lower gradations reaching down to almost the ve
r
y lowest aggregations of humanity then living on the globe. They all recognized a sort of marriage, but it was hardly what is generally understood among civilized people by that term. If a young man felt a desire for a particular young woman, he simply ex
p
ressed it to her or to her parents, and, if there was no objection made, they lived together as man and wife. It seems probable that the wooer knew pretty well in advance whether his proposals would be favorably received and that there were few rejections
;
 but it was usually the parents who made the match, and the daughter submitted, if not with pleasure, at least without reluctance. Where there were several candidates, it is said that in some cases a race decided the contest, and it others a wrestling mat
c
h or trial of pure physical strength, in which instances the prize belonged to the swiftest or the strongest. But ordinarily the man who best pleased the parents was the chosen husband. He usually paid a price or came with a valuable gift. Sometimes he to
o
k up his abode at least for a time with the family of the bride; sometimes he carried her off to his own habitation. In a few rare cases it seems that mere children were given to each other by their parents; and Father Boscana relates one instance at the 
m
ission fo San Juan Capistrano, in which he himself as a priest and with all the forms of the Catholic ritual married a boy of two years to a girl of eight or nine months, who had thus been betrothed.<hi rend="superscript">1</hi><note n="1" place="bottom">
<hi rend="superscript">1</hi> Boscana, in Robinson, 281.</note>
\par 
\par In general there was no particular marriage ceremony; but sometimes, and particularly when a couple of consideration united, there was a feast and a dance. On such occasions the bridegroom was
 placed in a sort of booth or bower erected for the purpose, while several of the puplem and a few of the old women went off to fetch the bride. She came dressed and adorned in her gayest apparel; but in a short time the female relatives and friends, who 
w
ere congregated, pounced upon her, stripped her of her finery and then placed her by the side of the bridegroom. Her dress and ornaments, of which she was thus despoiled, were distributed and kept by those who were fortunate enough to secure a piece as me
m
entoes of the joyful occasion. In case the bridegroom was a chief or a chief's son, however, the bride was treated with more respect; and sometimes, after being presented to her lord, was invested by the puplem with a dress of feathers resembling the tobe
t
. As she might under certain circumstances, such as the death of the chief leaving an infant son, succeed to the regency, she was known as the chieftainess or, when Spanish words began to be used, as the "capitaneja."<hi rend="superscript">2</hi><note n="
2
" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript">2<hi/> Boscana, in Robinson, 278.</note> The so-called "Lady of Sejo," met by Cabrillo near Point Concepcion as related in the account of his voyage, was doubtless one of these regents and not, properly speaking, a 
permanent governor in her own right.
\par 
\par The foregoing account of their marriages applies chiefly to those which took place within the tribe; but it was not unusual for a young man, and especially a young man of consideration, to become enamored of the belle o
f some other tribe. In such case an embassy was sent to solicit the honor of an alliance. If this was agreeable, the bride was brought home with great ceremony; if not, the lover and his friends had no hesitation in resorting to force, deceit or any other
 
means to secure the person of the woman. A man sometimes fell in love at first sight and, without waiting for ceremony, seized and carried off the objects of his sudden fancy; but ordinarily rapes of this kind, unless the lover could afterwards succeed in
 satisfying the parents, were followed by war and bloodshed. If they had had Homers, there would doubtless have been no lack of Helens and tales of western Troys&#8212;for private wrongs devoted to the flames.
\par 
\par At the same time that marriage was thus easily
 contracted, it was just as easily dissolved. Husband and wife separated by mutual consent as readily as they united. Parents could take away their daughters and husbands could reject their wives with the same facility with which they gave or seized them.
 
But as long as the woman toiled and labored for her lord and supplied him with the means of living an idle and indolent life, she was secure of his indulgence. In fact it was not an uncommon thing for a man of influence to have several wives, often sister
s
 and sometimes, the mother also, all occupying the same wigwam and vying in their efforts to excel one another by extra exertions in pampering his lazy appetite. Under the circumstances, the marriage state was not regarded as one of any peculiar sanctity.
 
On the contrary very great and very general licentiousness prevailed. It is said, it is true, that in some of the tribes adultery was severely punished by corporal chastisement and that in others the seducer was compelled to take the woman and pay the inj
u
red husband for her loss;<hi rend="superscript">1</hi><note n="3" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript">1</hi> Duflot de Mofras, II, 371.</note> and it is likely that in all tribes interference with the household of a chief or one of the puplem was a dang
erous proceeding; but, as a general rule, continence and chastity were not cultivated and were hardly regarded as among the virtues.
\par 
\par The most singular, however, of all the domestic relations existing in the country were those relating to the "joyas," as th
ey were called. These were males who were brought up, dressed and educated in all respects like females. They were married by men the same as if they had been women; but in most instances, perhaps, the chief object was to increase the working force of a p
o
lygamous household. Being much more robust than the women, they were much better able to perform the arduous duties assigned to the weaker sex. There is, however, no reason to doubt that in some instances the disgusting hints, thrown out by the missionari
e
s in reference to them, were but too true. Palou said there was hardly a rancheria, especially along the Santa Barbara Channel, in which there were not two or three of this "execrable y maldita gente&#8212;this execrable and accursed race."<hi rend="super
s
cript">1</hi><note n="4" place="bottom><hi rend="superscript">1</hi> Palou, Vida, 222.</note> Boscana spoke of them in similar terms.<hi rend="superscript">2</hi><note n="5" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript">2</hi> Boscana, in Robinson, 284.</note> Du
f
lot de Mofras was surprised to find in such a remote quarter of the globe vices which were supposed to characterize only the degradation and corruption of so-called civilized communities.<hi rend="superscript">3</hi><note n="6" place="bottom"><hi rend="su
perscript">3</hi> Duflot de Mofras, II, 371.</note>
\par 
\par When a wife first gave promise of becoming a mother, there was usually a feast and dance in honor of the looked-for increase. Such a wife was regarded as one favored by Chinigchinich, while a sterile woma
n was thought unfortunate. Afterwards when confinement came on, which was ordinarily attended with but little labor, it was the strange custom of the Indians described by Boscana for the husband to observe the most rigid diet and refrain from diversions a
n
d amusements. On the birth of the child, there was no particular demonstration; but the removal of the umbilical cord, which was attended to by the old women, was the occasion of renewed feasting and dancing.<hi rend="superscript">4</hi><note n="7" place=
"
bottom"><hi rend="superscript">4</hi> Boscana, in Robinson, 282, 283.</note> As the child grew up, if a boy and the son of a chief or one of the puplem, he was given a sort of instruction to qualify him for the rank and station in life which he was to occ
u
py. Some animal or bird, such as a bear, a wolf, a coyote, an eagle, a crow or a rattlesnake, was named as his protector and called his "touch"&#8212;a word supposed by Boscana to mean a devil but more probably meaning what was known among the Indians of 
t
he eastern side of the continent as the "totem"&#8212;in which he was to place implicit confidence. He was taught to indure [sic] hunger, thirst and hardship and subjected to various kinds of labor and exposure calculated to invigorate his frame and stren
g
then his constitution. Upon arriving at a proper age, he was taken in hand by the puplem; placed in the vanquech, and compelled to remain without food or drink until he was reduced to a state bordering on delirium, while his imagination was excited by the
 
incantations of the sorcerers and the supposed presence of Chinigchinich. When his ravings reached the due pitch of extravagance, he was supposed to be initiated into the mysteries; food and drink were given to him; and the ceremonies closed with a grand 
f
east. In other cases, when the youth was not of sufficient dignity to be thus initiated in the vanquech, an intoxicating mixture was administered; and, while under its influence, he was kept awake by a crowd of old men and women, who by continual exclamat
i
ons and exhortations excited his imagination until he saw visions and finally beheld or supposed he beheld his protecting touch. In both cases the candidate was not only expected to conform to the prescribed regulations; but he was threatened with dire pu
n
ishment if he failed to observe them. Boscana relates the case of a young man, the son of a chief, who managed in the course of his seclusion in the vanquech to escape and after appeasing his hunger and thirst to resume his vigils without being detected. 
B
eing apparently of a somewhat philosophical turn of mind, he subsequently related the fact and gave it as his opinion that the doctrines taught by the sorcerers were unworthy of belief. Under more favorable circumstances or with greater caution, he might 
h
ave become a reformer and perhaps taught a more advanced system of religion. But he met the usual fate of those who are too far in advance of their times. His comrades, horrified with his impiety and sacrilegious skepticism, immediately turned against him
 and dispatched him with their arrows.
\par 
\par After the ceremonies above described, the next thing done with the candidate, before he was considered entitled to all the rights and privileges of the station for which he was intended, was to brand him or administer
 the "potense" as it was called. This was performed by drawing upon his arm or thigh, and sometimes upon both, an outline of the animal selected as his touch, and covering it with a composition of vegetable substances pounded up together and thoroughly co
m
bustible. This was then ignited and allowed to burn until it produced a blister which left a life-long scar, rudely representing the form of the imaginary guardian. Having been thus duly branded, the candidate was next whipped with nettles until his skin 
b
ecame inflamed to rawness; and he was then carried to a nest of stinging ants, upon which he was laid while his attendants annoyed the insects with sticks so as to render them furious. All these tortures being endured, and particularly when suffered with 
p
atience and equanimity, the candidate was regarded as absolutely regenerated and thenceforth a special favorite of Chinigchinich. If the son of a chief, he was now prepared for the investiture of the tobet and qualified for the succession; if the son of a
 sorcerer or one of the puplem, he was admitted into participation of all the mysteries of his order and took his place as one of the magnates of the tribe.
\par 
\par The girls, on the other hand, were taught domestic duties and especially how to gather seeds and pr
epare food. They were encouraged in these labors with promises, which were ordinarily fulfilled, that the most industrious would have the most admirers&#8212;aptitude in providing food being a much greater recommendation to admiration among the Indians th
a
n amiable dispositions or charms of person. At the same time personal adornment was not neglected; and there was hardly a case of a girl attaining the age of puberty without having herself elaborately tattooed. This tattooing was done by drawing the desir
e
d lines on the body; following them with a series of small punctures produced by pricking the skin with a sharp thorn, and then rubbing powdered charcoal into the bleeding punctures. The result was an indelible bluish figure, following the lines of punctu
r
e, which in ordinary cases commenced at the lower lip and covered the breast and arms but in some instances spread also over the face and most of the body. Being thus taught to be industrious and being adorned and beautified according to Indian taste, the
r
e remained but one great ceremony to fit her for marriage. A hole was dug in the ground and filled with stones, over which a fire was built and kept burning until the stones were thoroughly heated. The fire was then removed and over the hot stones a bed o
f
 green branches and leaves was laid; and upon this bed the girl was stretched. She was compelled to remain there, fasting and sweltering with the heat, for several days while troops of young women danced around her and a crowd of old women, hideously pain
ted for the occasion, in lugubrious tones kept up an apparently never-ending chant.<hi rend="superscript">1</hi><note n="8" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript">1</hi> Boscana, in Robinson, 270&#8212;272.</note>
\par 
\par These strange customs, thus described by Bo
scana, related especially to the San Juan Capistrano Indians and to the households of the principal men amongst them. They were not the customs of all the rancherias, though there was something more or less similar in almost all. But there were also diffe
r
ences. In some, marriage was entirely a matter of purchase; in some, there was no polygamy; in some, no joyas. In many the birth of a child was not regarded as an event of any importance. It was no uncommon thing for a woman to work or travel, according a
s
 she might be engaged, up to the time of parturition; then merely stop or step aside for a few moments, and in less than half an hour be at work again or on the march with the new-born baby on her back. Being almost always at labor and generally in the fi
e
lds, women carried their infants about with them, usually trussed up in a sort of wicker-work cradle slung over the shoulders. A squaw was often seen carrying a heavy load of acorns in a huge basket held in position on her back by a strap around her foreh
e
ad, and the baby basket on top of that or in front. And in all cases, though it is hardly necessary to state the fact, the maternal affection for her child was strong. In general, children took very little notice of their father; but often preserved a lon
g attachment for their mother, whose treatment of them was as a rule kind and considerate or, to express all goodness in a single word, motherly.
\par 
\par As to the ordinary modes of life and occupations of the Indians, there can be no doubt that even the most inte
lligent amongst them passed a brutish existence. They depended entirely upon wild game and the spontaneous productions of the forests, fields and waters for their subsistence. They were unacquainted with maize or grain of any kind and had no agriculture o
r
 cultivation whatsoever. Being thus solely dependent upon the bounty of nature, they were sometimes exposed to scarcity and famine; and, even under the most favorable circumstances, they were obliged to make frequent migrations from place to place accordi
n
g to the seasons and the wild harvests. This was especially the case with those who inhabited the mountains and large interior valleys; while those who lived upon the sea coast found more permanent resources in the fish and shell-fish, with which the seas
 
and bays abounded. Occasionally a dead whale or sea-lion was thrown up by the waves; and this was invariably the occasion of a great feast or surfeit, which lasted until the bones were scraped clean. It was perhaps on account of this greater plenteousness
 and certainty of food that the coast Indians were more advanced than those of the interior; and those of the Santa Barbara Channel, to whom the sea was an almost unfailing magazine of provisions, than all the other tribes of the country.
\par 
\par It was doubtless 
on account of the general precariousness of food and the consequent restless, wandering character of the inhabitants that no permanent houses were erected. In the most favored localities, their habitations consisted of circular excavations in the ground, 
s
ome three or four feet deep and twelve or sixteen in diameter, upon the rims of which timbers, placed on end and inclined towards a point, extended in such a manner as to form rough conical-shaped huts[.] In some instances clay was thrown over the timbers
,
 which in a short time became sufficiently hard and compact to shed rain; and only a small aperture was left at the apex for the admission of light and the emission of smoke, and an opening at the side, walled up with pieces of wood or bark, by way of ent
r
ance. These were the most pretentious of their dwellings; and the ruins of them, in the shape of shallow pits, now nearly filled up to the level of the surrounding ground and covered with brambles and in some cases overgrown with trees, are to be found sc
a
ttered over the country. In some of the more remote districts, where remnants of the aborigines yet survive, houses of the same kind, but on account of the use of iron tools of much better construction than the ancestral domiciles, are still to be met wit
h
. It is a noticeable fact, in reference to these ruins, that the pits are found near one another but seldom more than six or a dozen in the same neighborhood, and that they are almost invariably located near groves or fields, which afforded in the proper 
s
easons a tolerably constant supply of nuts, acorns or seeds. But the most common habitaion was much more fragile and easily constructed, consisting of upright saplings or poles stuck in the ground, bent over at the top so as to form a sort of roof, and in
t
erlaced at the sides and thatched overhead with twigs and reeds. In other cases the house consisted only of logs and pieces of bark inclined against one another at the top so as to form a kind of wigwam. And of these latter kinds were in general those of 
t
he dwellers by the sea, who have left no signs to mark the places of their abodes except those frequent and in some cases extensive beds of crustacean relics, counted the richest for horticulture and garden purposes, which are known and properly designate
d as "shell-mounds."
\par 
\par In their houses, such as they were, all the members of a family&#8212;men, women and children and including generally a number o each class&#8212;lived promiscuously together. There were no partitions or screens and no beds or berths; 
but each member of the household seems to have had his or her particularly favorite spot to lie, some nearer and others more remote from the fire which burned in the center. Their practice of thus sleeping all huddled up together is said to have given ris
e
 to the name "Acagchemen" as the designation of the people about San Juan Capistrano, described by Father Boscana&#8212;the word signifying a pyramidal heap of animated beings.<hi rend="superscript">1</hi><note n="9" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript">
1
</hi> Boscana, in Robinson, 332.</note> A few logs of wood to keep up the fire, several baskets, a stone mortar or two, their few weapons and scanty clothing and the unused products of their recent hunting and foraging were usually kept in the hut; but th
e
re were no tables or chairs or in fact anything in the way of furniture. Refuse [sic] food was left to lie where it was dropped or thrown; and dirt, in the aggregated mass of which fleas and other vermin luxuriated, prevailed on every side. The longer a h
u
t was inhabited the filthier it became, until such a degree of nuisance was reached that it became unendurable even to the Indians; and then the proprietor would apply fire and burn the whole to the ground and move off to some other locality, or in a few 
hours erect a new habitation upon the site of the old one.
\par 
\par With the exception of times previous to great feasts, when large supplies of provisions were required and all the people were obliged to assist in collecting them, the men spent their time in idlen
ess. They would sometimes occupy themselves with the manufacture of bows, arrows, nets and snares and sometimes hunt or fish; but as a rule they devoted themselves to lying stretched out upon the ground, doing absolutely nothing, roaming about from hut to
 
hut, playing, dancing or sleeping. The women on the other hand were kept almost constantly busy with the most laborious occupations. They were obliged to provide for the family by gathering seeds, carrying them in some instances for great distances, and c
o
oking them when they reached home. In sunshine or rain, and usually with an infant or two hanging upon their shoulders, they were compelled to forage about all day in search of food; and upon their return, almost fainting under their loads, they would usu
a
lly find the fuel consumed, the fire extinguished and their lazy lords lying asleep beside the ashes. It would then become necessary for them to collect wood; and they were fortunate if they succeeded in preparing the meal before the men awoke&#8212;other
wise they had to expect nothing but invectives and ill treatment.<hi rend="superscript">1</hi><note n="10" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript">1</hi> Boscana, in Robinson, 286&#8212;288.</note>
\par 
\par Almost all the waking hours of the men, not spent in war, hunting, fishing or absolute idleness, were devoted to games, the two principal of which were described by La P\'8e
rouse. The first, called by them "takersia," was played in a level space about twenty 
feet square, which was cleared of grass and obstructions and surrounded with stakes. The game consisted of throwing a small ring or hoop, about three inches in diameter, causing it to roll across the cleared space. The players, two at a time, each holding
 
in his hand a small reed or thin stick about five feet long, endeavored to throw it through the ring while it was in motion. If he succeeded, he gained two points; if he struck into the ring but stopped its rolling, he gained but one point. With three poi
n
ts the game was won. To play a good game required great watchfulness, alertness and accuracy of aim, as the person who threw the ring would resort to all sorts of feints to throw the player off his guard. The other game, called "toussi," was more quiet. I
t
 was played by four persons, two on each side, sitting or squatting upon the ground. Each player in his turn concealed in one or other of his hands a small bit of wood, while his partner would make a thousand extravagant gestures calculated to distract th
e
 attention of the adversary players and prevent them from observing in which hand the wood finally remained. The game was to guess in which hand the wood was. A correct guess was one point gained; an incorrect one was a point lost. This game, as it requir
e
d little muscular exertion, was the favorite; and the lazy bucks would sit hour after hour at it&#8212;usually with a crowd of spectators, squatted around them, looking on. It was not unfrequent to play for stakes, consisting sometimes of beads or other o
bjects of desire and sometimes, as La P\'8erouse relates, for the favors of their women.<hi rend="superscript">2</hi><note n="11" place="bottom><hi rend="superscript">2</hi> La P\'8e
rouse, I, 454, 455.</note> They also sometimes played with a small ball of hard w
ood, which, when struck smartly with a long stick or club held in the hands, would bound several hundred yards at a time. For this game sides were chosen, the endeavor of each of which was to drive the ball to the opposite base. Sometimes hundreds of play
e
rs would engage and great excitement and noise prevailed.<hi rend="superscript">1</hi><note n="12" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript">1</hi> Robinson, 94, 95.</note> Dana mentions a running game of ball, played by young men, boys and girls in the prese
n
ce of the older Indians, who sat around in a ring as spectators. The players entered into the spirit of the sport with great zest and energy; the girls particularly ran like greyhounds; and at any accident or exhibition of remarkable agility or skill the 
old people would set up a deafening hurrahing and clapping of hands.<hi rend="superscript">2</hi><note n="13" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript">2</hi> Dana, 136.</note>
\par 
\par The food most ordinarily used depended much upon the locality and season. In the sp
ring and summer, clover and berries yielded great supplies; in the autumn and winter, seeds, acorns and nuts. These latter were pounded in stone mortars or ground on stone slabs, called metates, into a sort of coarse meal or paste, which after being roast
e
d or baked was known, according to the manner of preparation, either as "pinole" or "atole." Sometimes a basket, woven so closely as to be perfectly tight, was filled with water and hot stones thrown in until it reached the boiling point. The stones were 
t
hen removed and their place supplied by the coarse meal just described, which in this way became cooked into a sort of gruel or mush. At other times the meal was mixed with a little water and kneaded into dough, which was spread in front of the fire or pl
a
ced on hot stones and thus baked into a sort of bread or cake more or less tasteful according to the ingredients and skill of the baker. These ordinary foods were varied in different localities with game and fish. Deer were abundant and some of the Indian
s
 were skillful enough to kill them. In doing so, the most usual plan adopted was for the hunter to encase the upper part of his body with the head and hide of a deer prepared for this special object and, thus disguised, to creep cautiously along through t
h
e bushes or high grass, carrying his bow and arrows out of sight, and gradually approach the unsuspecting game as it browsed or grazed in fancied security. An adept at the business could under favorable circumstances easily get near enough for a shot and 
s
eldom failed to transfix his victim with an arrow. By constant practice these deer hunters acquired great proficiency in their art; and almost all the old navigators, who visited the country before the general introduction of firearms from Viscaino's time
 
down to Duflot de Mofras, speak in terms of the highest admiration of exhibitions of skill of this kind, of which they were witnesses. Bears, particularly grizzlies, and cougars were rather too formidable for the slight weapons of the natives; but, in add
i
tion to deer and antelopes, small game such as hares, rabbits, squirrels, gophers, field-mice, lizards, snakes and birds of different kinds, and especially geese and ducks in the autumn and spring, abounded almost everywhere. The streams were full of fish
,
 particularly in the winter when all those communicating with the ocean literally swarmed with salmon. These were usually taken with spears; shot with arrows, or caught in weirs, so constructed as to compel the fish in passing to run through a narrow pass
age where they could easily be entrapped in nets or baskets. These weirs were built in great numbers in all the shallow streams adapted to their use and as a rule required more labor than any other work that the Indians performed.
\par 
\par When game or fish was thu
s taken by the Indians, it was usually eaten raw or very slightly cooked. The eating of raw flesh was so common that in 1818 the viceroy of Mexico sent a special order to forbid it.<hi rend="superscript">1</hi><note n="14" place="bottom"><hi rend="supersc
r
ipt">1</hi> Cal. Archives, S. P. XVII, 639.</note> Upon catching a rabbit they would often eagerly suck its blood and finish their repast by eating its raw flesh.<hi rend="superscript">2</hi><note n="15" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript">2</hi> Boscan
a
, in Robinson, 239.</note> And so of other animals&#8212;almost every kind and variety of which, that was found in the country and could be taken, they devoured. Nor in the enumeration of their foods must grasshoppers be omitted, which when very plentiful
 
were swept together in great piles and preserved for consumption. These were ordinarily first roasted and then pounded up, sometimes with and sometimes without other substances, for the composition of cakes, mushes or gruels. There were also certain kinds
 
of seaweeds which were used as food; shell-fish of all kinds, and wild fruits of various qualities in their seasons. Fish and meats, when not eaten raw, seem to have been roasted on sticks, baked on hot stones or in the coals or ashes, or boiled in basket
s
 of hot water. Salt was unknown; and there was no drying or smoking or other method of preserving flesh. Even nuts and acorns, which in some seasons were super-abundant, were only kept on hand by a few of the tribes. In such instances rude magazines were 
c
onstructed in hollow trees or built of closely-plaited wicker-work, raised above the ground on stakes,<hi rend="superscript">1</hi><note n="16" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript">1</hi> See an article on the Californian Indians by E. E. Chever in the A
merican Naturalist, IV, 129.</note> and filled; but, with these exceptions, there was nothing on any large scale of a provident storing up provisions against a season of scarcity.
\par 
\par The principal weapons in use were the bow and arrow. The bow was about a yar
d long and from an inch and a half to two inches wide, made of yew, cedar or other fine-grained, tough and elastic wood, and usually wrapped more or less completely with sinews. According to Duflot de Mofras, its curvature was reversed so as to increase t
h
e tension; and, though not large, it was strong and powerful. The bow-string was sometimes made out of sinew and sometimes out of wild hemp and had a small piece of skin attached in such a manner as to prevent any whizzing sound or twang when the bow was 
d
ischarged.<hi rend="superscript">2</hi><note n="17" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript">2</hi> Duflot de Mofras, II, 377.</note> The arrows were from two to three feet long, made of reeds or light wood, sometimes partly of hard wood, and pointed with a 
h
ead or tip of obsidian, flint or bone, which was bound on firmly with sinews. Many of these arrow-heads, and particularly the small ones, were fashioned with great skill. In some cases they were so arranged as to become detached and remain imbedded in the
 
flesh, if the arrow itself should fall off or be withdrawn. The opposite or smaller ends of the arrows were feathered for about six or eight inches. It was usual to carry a quiver, made of the skin of a fox, beaver, coyote or other animal of the proper si
z
e as it was drawn off and uncut except at the tail end, which formed the mouth of the quiver and held the feathered ends of the arrows. In shooting, the bow was held in a horizontal position in front of the body; and it seems that the right foot and leg w
e
re usually advanced. According to all the old writers, the Indians were expert marksmen with their arrows. De Mofras says that their aim was so correct and their skill so great that at a distance of forty yards they could pierce a horse on the gallop thro
u
gh and through; and incautious travelers could receive arrows thrown from great distances without hearing any noise or suspecting the hands that aimed them.<hi rend="superscript">1</hi><note n="18" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript">1</hi> Duflot de Mo
f
ras, II, 377.</note> Some authors speak of poisoned arrows being used; and it is possible that this may in some localities, and especially in the northern part of the Sacramento valley, have been the case; but it was not usual; nor is it known that the In
dians were accustomed to collect any natural poisons or were acquainted with any artificial ones.
\par 
\par Besides the bow and arrow, spears or pikes were also sometimes used. They were generally from a yard and a half to two yards long and pointed, like the arrows
, with heads of obsidian or flint but much larger than arrow-heads. The fish spears were much longer, thinner and lighter. They usually had two prongs three or four inches apart and pointed with bone, having barbs of the same which in some cases were so a
r
ranged and attached to the shafts that they would become disengaged, like arrow-heads, upon penetrating into a fish and, turning in its flesh, would hold it secure against all its struggles to escape. There seem also to have been knives, made out of sharp
 
obsidian, but used rather in dressing game than for hunting or the purposes of war. Clubs likewise were sometimes used. In some very rare instances wooden cimeters, which were used in somewhat the same manner as boomerangs, were seen; but they were except
ional. Once in a while a piece of metal of some kind or other was met with, shaped into a cutting or piercing instrument; but it always indicated intercourse with other and more civilized nations.
\par 
\par Very few of the California Indians had canoes, though there
 was timber enough suitable for their construction and within easy reach. Those who lived on the Santa Barbara Channel were found to have some excellent ones made out of single logs, probably such as had drifted to them from the northern waters; but with 
t
his exception almost the only boats used were rafts or floats made of tules. These were about ten feet long by three or four wide and formed out of rolls or bunches of dried tules, the length of the raft, with their thickest parts in the middle and regula
r
ly tapering to a point at each end. These bunches were securely lashed together in such a manner as to form a boat-like structure, sufficient to carry one or two men. They were so tightly packed and fastened as to be comparatively dry in ordinary weather,
 
but illy calculated to contend with rough winds and waves. Vancouver thought them the rudest and sorriest contrivances for navigation he had ever beheld; and yet he says he found the natives crossing the bay of San Francisco in them without the least appr
e
hension for their safety, though the wind was strong, with heavy squalls, and the sea much broken. They propelled them with long double-bladed paddles, similar to those used by the Esquimaux.<hi rend="superscript>1</hi><note n="19" place="bottom"><hi rend
="superscript">1</hi> Vancouver, III, 7, 8.</note>
\par 
\par The principal and almost only kind of manufacture in which the California Indians were ingenious, excepting their weapons, were their baskets. These were of various sizes and shapes, according to the use f
or which they were intended; some being in form like the half of a cone divided vertically and calculated for carrying upon the back; others flat and shallow; others in the shape of pots or bowls. The latter were made of fine grasses and so closely plaite
d
 as to be completely water tight. In these they would carry water and boil their mushes and gruels, which they did by throwing in hot stones, as has been stated. It was not unfrequent to find them ornamented with figures, formed by using grasses of differ
ent colors; and sometimes feathers or pieces of shells were worked into their texture. There were very few of them that could be called graceful or pretty; but the work was fine, strong and useful.
\par 
\par For the grinding of acorns and seeds they used sometimes f
lat stones like the metates of the Mexicans, but more generally mortars and pestles. Some of these were made with great labor and patience out of hard rock; others out of softer material, which hardened after they were fashioned. In many cases mortar-hole
s
 were formed in the flat surfaces of immense rocks, which from their appearance seem to have been used for generation after generation. Some of the portable mortars were very large, in some cases several feet in diameter. The pestles were usually small, s
ix or eight inches long and about two inches in diameter; but some were considerably larger and evidently intended to be grasped by both hands.
\par 
\par It can hardly be said that the Indians had any circulating medium, though pieces of shells, manufactured into sm
all disks resembling buttons or into small cylinders with a hole through the center, were highly prized and were sometimes used as a sort of money. Boscana says that the Santa Barbara Channel people used them for exchanges;<hi rend="superscript">1</hi><no
t
e n="20" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript">1</hi> Boscana, in Robinson, 240.</note> and among all the tribes they were in great demand, if not as money at least for ornaments. The shells most commonly used were the abalone and a large species of clam;
 
the one pearly and iridescent, the other pure white and very f[in]ely grained. These and other kinds of shells, either as they were thrown up by the waves or manufactured into beads, were always the subject of a sort of traffic, extending backward from th
e ocean and bays; and often long journeys were undertaken from the interior to the coast to obtain supplies, which were packed inland for many weary miles on the backs of the squaws. 
\par 
\par The clothing used was very scanty. The men went entirely naked, with the
 exception of sometimes wearing a small skin over their shoulders. The women wore a belt or girdle, made of fur, to which was attached a sort of fringe, composed of strands of dried grass and reaching down to their knees. Both sexes wore ornaments around 
t
heir necks; the men affecting claws, beaks, tusks, teeth and feathers; the women, shells and beads. In some cases robes, composed generally of rabbit skins, were worn; and sometimes the skins of larger animals; but these were exceptional. It is said of so
m
e of the Indians, and among others of those who inhabited the present site of San Francisco, that they were accustomed to cover their bodies with a coating of black mud, which served in the place of clothing to protect them from the cold when the weather 
w
as raw. When it became warm and pleasant again, they washed these coats off and enjoyed their accustomed nudity. Vallejo says that he once, on a very raw morning at Sonoma, asked a perfectly naked Indian if he was not cold. The Indian answered that he was
 not; but, observing a dubious smile on Vallejo's face, inquired, "Is your face cold??\'d3
 "No," replied Vallejo. "Well," rejoined the Indian, "I am all face."<hi rend="superscript">1</hi><note n="21" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript">1</hi> This story, to
ld by Vallejo, which is not bad by way of illustration, is, however, old enough to be rather tough. If true, it is the best remark attributed to a California Indian. The anecdote, as reported, is given in C. A. Menefee's Historical and Descriptive Sketch 
Book of Napa, Sonoma, Lake and Mendocino; Napa City, 1873, 26.</note>
\par 
\par In physical proportions the California Indians were rather below than above the medium height. Their color was dull, burnt-coffee brown; their hair black, straight, coarse and thick. Owi
ng to their mode of life, they were neither a strong nor hardy race; and there were amongst them very few specimens of physical beauty, either of the women or the men. Their health was in general good; but still they were afflicted with many diseases and 
ailments. Syphilis, or "el mal G\'87
lico" as it was called by the missionaries,<hi rend="superscript">2</hi><note n="22" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript">2</hi> Cal. Archives, M. I, 31; V, 4.</note> was frequent; but it had not amongst the Indians the ter
rible character which it has assumed amongst civilized peoples. Notwithstanding the hideous sores it caused, the affected aborigines were able to continue their usual avocations, without any very great inconvenience, and even lived to old age. Nor was it 
u
ntil the introduction of spirituous liquors that it became aggravated into the deadly scourge, which decimated and in some cases almost of itself exterminated whole tribes.<hi rend="superscript">1</hi><note n="23" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript">1</
h
i> Duflot de Mofras, II, 333.</note> Colds, rheumatisms and scrofulous maladies and, it may be added, fevers of various kinds were not infrequent, especially among those who lived along the rivers and streams or were exposed to the malaria of swamps and w
et places.
\par 
\par In the early part of 1798 the influenza broke out as an epidemic at Santa Barbara; but it was not fatal. In 1802 the Indians of Soledad and its neighborhood were seized with a sudden sickness, causing great pain in the head connected with throat
 affections, of which many died.<hi rend="superscript">2</hi><note n="24" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript">2</hi> Cal. Archives, P. S. P. XVIII, 500.</note> In 1821 it was deemed prudent to take precautions against the yellow fever; but the country h
a
s never been afflicted with that disease.<hi rend="superscript">3</hi><note n="25" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript">3</hi> Cal. Archives, S. P. XVII, 558.</note> In 1834, according to Duflot de Mofras, the cholera carried off more than twelve thousan
d
 individuals in the Tulare country; and in 1836, nearly eight thousand died of fever in the Sacramento Valley; but the precautions taken by the government and the missionaries seem to have prevented any great mortality among the neophytes.<hi rend="supers
c
ript">4</hi><note n="26" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript">4</hi> Duflot de Mofras, II, 334; Cal. Archives, D. S. P. III, 485&#8212;491.</note> A very fatal epidemic known as "grano de oro," resembling yellow fever, broke out Guaymas in 1845 and cause
d
 great consternation throughout the country; but California escaped the scourge.<hi rend="superscript">5</hi><note n="27" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript">5</hi> Cal. Archives, D. S. P. Ang. XI, 804&#8212;806.</note> The most fatal and terrible of al
l
 the epidemics, however, was the small-pox, which seems to have been first brought to the country from Mexico in 1798 though, thanks to the very strict quarantine regulations of Governor Borica, it was for that time prevented from spreading;<hi rend="supe
r
script">6</hi><note n="28" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript">6</hi> Cal. Archives, P. R. VI, 169&#8212;171; IV, 423, 424.</note> and the country remained comparatively free from it for a number of years. But in 1838 it broke out at Sonoma and with ver
y
 fatal effect. Vallejo, the military comandante there, who in those days seized every occasion he could to injure the foreign residents, attributed it to the Americans and Russians.<hi rend="superscript">1</hi><note n="29" place="bottom"><hi rend="supersc
ript">1</hi> "Por los establecimientos ingleses y rusos que se hallan en contacto con esta parte de la Alta California, nos fu\'8e communicada la horrorosa epidemia de las viruelas. Ya invadi\emdash  esta frontera, se\endash 
ialando sus huellas con muerte y desolacion."&#82
12;Vallejo to Los Angeles ayuntamiento, May 23, 1838.&#8212Cal. Archives, D. S. P. Ang. XI, 476, 477.</note> The ravages of the disease continuing, various sanitary measures were taken by the government and funds set aside to meet the necessary expenses.<
h
i rend="superscript">2</hi><note n="30" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript">2</hi> Cal. Archives, S. G. S. P. XVI, 20, 41.</note> Governor Alvarado ordered general vaccination; and it seems that his orders were obeyed.<hi rend="superscript">3</hi><note 
n
="31" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript">3</hi> Cal. Archives, D. S. P. Ang. X, 140.</note> In 1844 the municipality of Los Angeles passed stringent sanitary regulations;<hi rend="superscript">4</hi><note n="32" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript">4<
/
hi> Cal. Archives, D. S. P. Ang. VIII, 155.</note> and Hugo Reid, who was sort of auxiliary alcalde in that jurisdiction, was charged with seeing to their observance at the mission of San Gabriel. He found that vaccination or inoculation had been very gen
e
ral there and that most of the disease in that neighborhood was varioloid.<hi rend="superscript">5</hi><note n="33" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript">5</hi> Cal. Archives, D. S. P. Ang. VIII, 104&#8212;106.</note> In various cases, however, the patien
t
s, reported to be afflicted with small-pox, were suffering in a much greater degree from syphilis; and in one instance when they called to visit some Indian girls he found they had nothing but the itch;<hi rend="superscript">6</hi><note n="34" place="bott
om"><hi rend="superscript">6</hi> "Una sarna bastante f\'8e
a."&#8212;Cal. Archives, D. S. P. Ang. VIII, 128.</note> and, instead of medicine, he recommended cleanliness and dieting.<hi rend="superscript">7</hi><note n="35" place="bottom"<hi rend="superscript">
7</hi> "La limpieza y dieta."&#8212;Cal. Archives, D. S. P. Ang. VIII, 128.</note> In the same year, 1844, Thomas O. Larkin, consul for the United States at Monterey, established a small-pox hospital at that place towards the expenses of which the governm
e
nt, then in the hands of Governor Micheltorena, contributed liberally.<hi rend="superscript">8</hi><note n="36" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript">8</hi> Cal. Archives, D. S. P. XII, 629; D. S. P. Ben. C. II. VI, 35.</note> These precautions, it is to 
b
e borne in mind, however, were intended more particularly for the white people than for the Indians, most of whom or of such as were left of the neophytes had been obliged to leave the ruined missions and were living a vagabond life. But among the Indians
 the mortality, caused by this disease, was undoubtedly very great. Though no statistics give the number, it is perhaps safe to assume that the major part of them died of small-pox. 
\par 
\par For all their sicknesses the almost universal remedy of the Indians was t
he sweat-house or temescal, to which they also resorted even in health. This consisted of a hut, mostly underground, with its roof of timber so covered over with clay that the interior was dark and almost entirely excluded from the outer atmosphere. In th
e
 middle of this a fire was built, which soon heated the inclosed air to the temperature of an oven. Around this fire the patients would seat or throw themselves upon the floor and in a short time be bathed in profuse perspiration. This they would endure i
n
 some cases until they became thoroughly exhausted and had to be carried out; but ordinarily, before reaching the point of exhaustion, they would clamber out of the heated dungeon and, running to the nearest stream or pond, cold as it might be, plunge the
i
r entire bodies into it. There were doubtless cases, in which these hot air and cold water baths were beneficial; and perhaps in the majority of instances they were not hurtful;<hi rend="superscript">1</hi><note n="37" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript
>
1</hi> Humboldt, who seems to have been unacquainted with the customary douche after an ordinary steam bath, says of the effect of the temescal; "This rapid transition from heat to cold and the sudden suppression of the cutaneous transpiration, which an a
v
erage European would justly dread, causes the most agreeable sensations to the savage, who enjoys whatever strongly agitates him or acts with violence on his nervous system."&#8212;Humboldt's New Spain (Black's) II, 349.</note> but in cases of small-pox a
n
d other kindred diseases, which sometimes swept over the country, they were almost invariably fatal. Besides the sweat-houses, various drugs and charms and sorceries were made use of, in the application of all which the medicine-men, who were the only pro
f
essors of the healing art, were alone supposed to be skilled. For cutaneous diseases, sores, swellings, tumors and rheumatic affections different kinds of herbs, such as wild sage and rosemary and sometimes balsams and resins were applied in the shape of 
p
oultices or plasters. When the pain was in the stomach the same kind of herbs was used; but the application was by way of inhaling the smoke of their leaves. They did not possess the tobacco plant, but used the leaves of several kinds of trees and weeds f
o
r smoking, some of them more and others less pungent. One of these and the most generally used was a weed, known among the missionaries as tobacco cimarron or wild tobacco. For ordinary pains counter irritants, produced by a whipping of nettles or the bit
es of large ants, were not uncommon remedies.
\par 
\par When a person felt seriously ill, the custom was to send for a medicine-man and sometimes for several of them together. They always, upon their appearance, affected an air of great mystery and were not wanting 
in the arts of winks, nods and head-shakings, which were regarded as proofs of great wisdom. These took place while the patient was being carefully examined from head to foot, apparently for the purpose of ascertaining the seat of the pain; and as soon as
 
the locality of a disease was fixed upon, the next matter was to decide upon the cause. This was almost always declared to be the presence of some foreign body, such as a hair, bone, thorn, stone, stick or something of that kind; and it was seldom that th
e
 practitioners did not pretend to know exactly what and exactly where the trouble was. The diagnosis thus completed, the next applied themselves to the treatment of the ailment and eradication of its supposed cause. For this purpose they would perform var
i
ous kinds of antic gesticulations, at the same time blowing towards the four cardinal points or making strange sounds and generally working themselves up to a pitch of great excitement, well calculated to impress the patient and his friends with their ear
n
estness and the difficulties of the task they had on hand. Finally one of them would apply his lips to the seat of the disease and pretend to draw out by suction the cause of the disorder in the shape of the supposed foreign substance, which was then triu
m
phantly exhibited. If the disease was persistent and the patient very weak, he was next laid upon a bed of ashes or dry sand, with vessels of food and water at his head and a fire at his feet, and the result sedulously watched by surrounding friends. Thes
e
 seem in general to have sat as silent spectators, without calling in question the propriety of the treatment adopted by the doctors, obtruding upon the patient their own advice, or vexing his soul with ill-timed consolations. Great confidence being repos
e
d in their medicine-men, the imagination of the patient was often strong enough or sufficiently powerfully excited to effect a wonderful cure, in which case the fame of the doctors was spread far and wide. Nor did they suffer much in reputation if the pat
ient died; for in such case it was supposed that Chinigchinich had intervened; and there was no escape when he had doomed the sufferer to death. In either case the professional men were well paid for their pains. 
\par 
\par In case of death, as soon as it was ascertained beyond doubt that life was extinct, preparations were made for the funeral services. Among some of the tribes the body was buried; but the most usual disposition of it was burning. For this purpose a pile wa
s
 prepared and one of the sorcerers, who generally acted on such occasions, was summoned to act as master of the ceremonies. Everything being prepared under his supervision, the body was borned to the pile and placed upon the faggots. All the articles of c
o
mmon use belonging to the deceased including his bow, arrows, feathers, beads and clothing and also such articles of value as were contributed by his friends, were placed beside him. The friends then retired a short distance, while the sorcerer applied th
e
 torch and kept up the fire until the body was consumed. This part of the ceremony being finished, the sorcerer, after receiving his pay, withdrew, while the friends sang funeral dirges in which all the circumstances of the disease and death were recited,
 
and the relatives wept. The women were on such occasions especially demonstrative in their grief; and often the lamentations were kept up without intermission for three days and nights.<hi rend="superscript">1</hi><note n="38" place="bottom"><hi rend="sup
erscript">1</hi> Boscana, in Robinson, 310&#8212;315.</note>
\par 
\par The ceremonies of incremation differed in some respects in different localities; but in all cases they made a public spectacle more or less imposing according to the importance of the deceased. G
enerally the corpse seems to have been prepared by doubling up the knees against the chest and securely binding and tying up the body in as compact a form as possible. Usually the ceremonies were conducted by medicine-men who performed various juggleries;
 
but sometimes they seem to have been under the supervision of the relatives alone. In some cases all the property of the deceased was buried with him; in others, various articles such as his arms were preserved and handed over to his heir or successor[.] 
S
ometimes those who participated in the ceremonies acted with moderation; at other times they worked themselves up into a frenzy of excitement, during which they would perform all kinds of extravagancies, howling, contorting themselves, tearing their hair 
a
nd flesh, snatching brands from the fire and in some instances tearing off pieces of burning flesh and devouring it. In some cases the ashes of the deceased were collected and preserved or buried; in others they were mixed with grease and plastered on the
 hair or smeared over the faces of the mourners; and in these latter instances the hideous mixture was allowed to remain as long as it could be kept. 
\par 
\par Of the languages of the Indians of Alta California a great deal has been written; but, with the exception
 of a few notes picked up by some of the older authors, there seems to be but little that is reliable or valuable. From their testimony, as well as from that of later writers, it appears certain, as one important fact, that there were almost as many diffe
r
ent languages or at least idioms as there were rancherias. Every little valley had a distinct tongue, which was almost entirely unintelligible to the people of adjoining valleys; and very often one and the same mission, though its jurisdiction did not ext
e
nd more than fifteen or twenty miles around, embraced within its circuit a number of different dialects. In some instances the missionaries, who remained stationed for a length of time at the same place, learned the language most commonly used by their pe
o
ple; but very generally they were obliged to make use of interpreters. It is to be noted also that from the very beginning of the Spanish occupation it was the policy of the church, as well as of the state, to supersede all the native languages with the S
p
anish; and for this reason not only was the use of their own tongue by the Indians discouraged, but the missionaries were required by law to teach only in Spanish;<hi rend="superscript">1</hi><note n="39" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript">1</hi> Cal. 
A
rchives, P. S. P. XIV, 198.</note> and it was therefore regarded as a sort of crime in a priest, if not exactly to study and learn an Indian tongue, at least to use it in teaching or communicating with his neophytes. But notwithstanding this attitude of t
h
e ruling powers, some of the missionaries, as before stated, who remained stationed sufficiently long at the same place, learned the native dialects most commonly spoken by their people; and a few of them, such as Father Geronimo Boscana of San Juan Capis
trano, the author of Chinigchinich, and Father Buenaventura Sitjar of San Antonio and afterwards of San Miguel, author of a vocabulary of the San Antonio Indians, have left some record of their knowledge.
\par 
\par Father Lasuen, according to Humboldt, reckoned that
 between San Diego and San Francisco, there was not less than seventeen entirely distinct languages spoken;<hi rend="superscript">2</hi><note n="40" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript">2</hi> Humboldt's New Spain (Black's) II, 346.</note> and in this ca
l
culation no account was taken of distinct dialects. Duflot de Mofras, who affords more extensive and more accurate information than any other writer upon the subject, says that as the natives were divided up into small fractions or rancherias, each separa
t
e from the other, there resulted an infinity of distinct dialects having little or no kind of analogy with one another. And this was the case not only among tribes strictly separate; but even among people bordering upon one another or inhabiting neighbori
n
g islands of the same archipelago.<hi rend="superscript">3</hi><note n="41" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript">3</hi> Duflot de Mofras, II, 336.</note> He affirms that in the space of two hundred leagues occupied by the missions there were more than a 
h
undred idioms completely distinct. At the mission of San Jose alone, he counted more than forty Indians using different dialects; and at San Juan there were Indians belonging to more than fifteen different tribes. In the rude state of savagery that existe
d
, without writing or letters of any kind, old languages changed rapidly and new dialects sprang up with almost every change of circumstances. Father Boscana gives an account of a cacique or capitanejo, who finding his people too much circumscribed for ter
r
itory, divided them into two parts, reserving the control of one portion for himself and giving the other over to his daughter and ordering her to move off with them to the eastward. And he says that the new tribe had hardly separated from the old one bef
ore it formed an entirely new language. This statement is not to be accepted without great allowances, as it is well known that new languages are not formed so readily; but it goes to show that the changes of dialect were rapid.
\par 
\par So also languages or dialects readily died out and were lost. {\*\atrfstart 481841384}
A very affecting story, which in a remarkable manner illustrates this fact, is told of a woman, the last Indian resident on the Island of San Nicolas, who for eighteen years lived the life of a female Selkirk.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid1539993 {\*\atrfend 481841384}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor SCHWEBEL, SARA}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 481841384}{\*\atndate -951345690}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\contextualspace \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs16 
\ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid1539993 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid1539993 Female crusoe}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid11290171 
 San Nicolas is of small extent, little more than a mass of rocks&#8212;the bare peak of an isolated mountain almost submerged by the ocean&#8212;and about seventy miles off the coast of Los Angeles. In 1835 there were a few Indians living on it, said to 
b
e seventeen or eighteen in number, whom it was determined to remove to the mainland. A schooner was accordingly sent to take them off and carry them to San Pedro. When everything was prepared, and the Indians all on the beach ready to embark, one of the w
o
men discovered that her child had strayed or been left behind; and she started to look for it. She had not been long away, and the other Indians had in the meanwhile gone on board, when a strong wind sprang up and the schooner was compelled to run before 
it, leaving her on the island. The wind continuing and increasing to a storm, the vessel could not turn back, but proceeded to San Pedro and landed its passengers. Shortly after arriving there, it suffered shipwreck and was totally lost. 
{\*\atrfstart 481841385}There was at that time no other vessel on the coast large enough to make the trip, or it was not considered for sufficient importance to go after the poor creature; and she was therefore left to shift for herself. }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af31507\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid1539993 {\*\atrfend 481841385}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor SCHWEBEL, SARA}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 481841385}{\*\atndate -951345689}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\contextualspace \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs16 
\ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid1539993 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid1539993 No boat available}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid11290171 Years passed on; all who knew anything of the facts though
t the woman must have perished in her desolate loneliness; and the circumstances of her abandonment were almost forgotten. But in 1853, eighteen years afterwards, George Nidever of Santa Barbara had occasion to visit the island in the prosecution of his o
ccupation of sea-otter hunting. On his first trip he discovered signs of human life, but saw no one. {\*\atrfstart 481841386}
On his second trip the same year, he searched the island carefully and found the poor woman, living like a second Robinson Crusoe, clad in the skins of birds and covered from head to foot with feathers. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid1539993 {\*\atrfend 481841386}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor SCHWEBEL, SARA}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 481841386}{\*\atndate -951345689}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\contextualspace \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs16 
\ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid1539993 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid1539993 Female crusoe}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid11290171 
As may well be imagined, she presented an extraordinary sight. He induced her to enter his vessel and, bringing her to the mainland, took her to his house, where she was properly clothed and treated in the 
kindest and most humane manner. But no one could understand anything she said. Though many Indians were brought from different portions of the country, no one could interpret a word of her dialect, except another old woman who it appears understood a litt
l
e, but not enough to get a connected narrative of her strange life or what had become of her child. As she could neither understand nor make herself understood, she was almost as widely separated from her fellow creatures as she had been for so many years
 
among the ocean-girt rocks. Though at first in apparently good health and, as near as could be judged, not over fifty years of age, she lived only three months after her removal from the island. The change of food and of her mode of life was probably too 
g
reat and too sudden; and she sickened and died;<hi rend="superscript">1</hi><note n="42" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript">1</hi> Huse's Sketch of Santa Barbara, 1876, 29, 30.</note> and as the other members of her tribe had disappeared or been swallo
wed up in other tribes, her language seems to have died out with her.
\par 
\par As there was nothing in the way of writing, either by letters or pictures among the California Indians, their only history was transmitted by tradition. They had a sort of songs or chant
s, used in some of their feasts and ceremonies; but even these were in an old language which had passed away, having little or no resemblance to the dialect then commonly spoken. Only the chiefs and medicine-men understood them or had any idea of what the
y
 signified. It is said that there were some conventional signs, such as marks on shells or arrangement of feathers or cuts upon trees, by which they could convey a certain kind of intelligence and particularly fix a time for a rendezvous to celebrate a fe
ast, steal horses or attack an enemy; and that by means of fires lighted on the hills they could telegraph to one another; but there was nothing to fix or preserve the meaning of words, which therefore changed more or less with every generation.
\par 
\par De Lamanon, who accompanied La P\'8e
rouse and had some opportunities of observation at Monterey, speaks of two different languages spoken there; one that of the Achastlians and the other that of the Ecclemachs, corresponding doubtless to what were otherwise known as th
e Eslenes and the Runcienes. The language of the Achastlians was adapted to the feeble development of their understanding. As they had few abstract ideas, the had few words to express them. They did not appear to distinguish different species of animals t
o
 any great extent by different names. They called both toads and frogs "ouakache;" and in like manner different vegetables having the same uses were called by the same name. To indicate moral qualities, they used words indicative of the sense of taste, li
k
e the Lower Californians. Thus "missick" denoted a good man or savory food and "keches" meant a bad man or tainted food. They distinguished plurals from singulars and they conjugated some tenses of verbs, but had no declensions of nouns. Their substantive
s
 were much more numerous than their adjectives. They did not employ the labials "f" and "b," nor the letter "x;" but they had "chr" as in "chrskonder" bird; "chruk" hut. The diphthong "ou" was found in more than half their words, as "chouroui" to sing; "t
o
uroun" the skin; "tonours" the nails. Their most common initial consonants were "t" and "k." They had words to denote numbers up to ten; but very few of them could go beyond five without counting with their fingers. The language of the Ecclemachs, on the 
o
ther hand, who lived to the eastward of Monterey, was entirely different and was supposed to have a greater resemblance to the languages of Europe than to the other languages of America. Their idiom, though it could not be compared with the language of ci
v
ilized nations, was richer than that of any other Californian tribe. Their numerals were "pek" one, "oulach" two, "oullef" three, "amniabou" four, "pemaka" five, "pekoulana" six, "houlakoalano" seven, "koulefala" eight, "kamakoualane" nine, "tomoila" ten.
<hi rend="superscript">1</hi><note n="43" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript">1</hi> La P\'8e
rouse, I, 466&#8212;469.</note> Duflot de Mofras, who possessed a manuscript grammar of the language of the Tulare Indians composed by Father Felipe Arroyo de la Cue
sta of Santa Inez, formerly for many years of San Juan Bautista, says that it wanted the consonants "b," "d," "f," "g" and "r," which play a prominent part in most of the languages of the world; but it had many guttural and aspirated articulations. All th
e
 Indians, however, seemed to succeed in pronouncing Spanish with facility; though ordinarily they would change the "r" into "l" and say "pale" instead of "padre" and "Malia" instead of "Maria."<hi rend="superscript">2</hi><note n="44" place="bottom"><hi r
end="superscript">2</hi> Duflot de Mofras, II, 387, 388.</note> 
\par 
\par Various writers, in addition to those named, have attempted to give some information in regard to the Indian languages&#8212;a subject which might perhaps with proper knowledge and proper tre
atment, lead to important results&#8212;but so far little or nothing has been elaborated. With the exception of specimens of the Lord's Prayer in different dialects and a few words and grammatical notes,<hi rend="superscript">3</hi><note n="45" place="bot
t
om"><hi rend="superscript">3</hi> Duflot de Mofras, II, 390&#8212;400.</note> of which philology has not yet been able to make much use, substantially nothing remains. And in this same connection it is to be noted that the attempts above mentioned to give
 
Indian words, and in fact all other attempts to reproduce Indian or other barbarous languages, are and must in the nature of things be more or less imperfect and vain; for the reason that the original sounds were entirely different from those used by enli
g
htened people[.] Different nations and indeed different authors of the same nation give entirely different spellings to the same word; and it may safely be assumed that none of them give the correct pronunciation. The numerals of the Ecclemachs, as above 
g
iven by a Frenchman, were spelled in a very different manner and required very different pronunciation when given by a Spaniard.<hi rend="superscript">1</hi><note n="45" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript">1</hi> Relacion, 172.</note> Dana, speaking of 
t
he language of the Californian Indians in general, described it as the most brutish that could be conceived. The words seemed to fall off of the ends of their tongues. In other words, according to his description, while they were talking there was a conti
nual sound made in their cheeks outside of their teeth; and their language was a complete "slobber."<hi rend="superscript">2</hi><note n="46" place="bottom"><hi rend="superscript">2</hi> Dana, 135.</note>}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3890895 

\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100aa5225dfc60600008b1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595d8bdb46147d2ff43f08bd3bfe92fcb1c41b6cd9ceb6d94d42eca4e4716c8fadc98e344633de8d0981923c160aa569e943037deb
43691b48a02fe9afd936a54d217fa17746b63c638fbb9b2585a5640d8b343af7ce997bafce1d4997afdc8fa87384134e58dc708b970aae83e3211b9178d2706f
f7bbb99aeb7081e211a22cc60d778eb97b65f7c30f2ea31d11e2083b601ff31dd4704321a63bf93c1fc230e297d814c7706dcc920809384d26f951828ec16f44
f3a542a1928f10895d274611b8bd311e932176fad2a5bbbb74dea1701a0b2e078634e949d7d8b050d8d1615122f89c0734718e106db830cf881df7f17de13a14
7101171a6e41fdb9f9ddcb79b4b330a2628bad66d7557f0bbb85c1e8b0a4e64c26836c52cff3bd4a33f3af00546ce23ad54ea553c9fc29001a0e61a52917dda7
dfaab7dafe02ab81d2438bef76b55d2e1a78cd7f798373d3973f03af40a97f6f03dfed06104503af4029dedfc07b5eb51478065e81527c65035f2d34db5ed5c0
2b5048497cb8812ef89572b05c6d061933ba6785d77daf5b2d2d9caf50500d5975c929c62c16db6a2d42f758d2058004522448ec88f9148fd110aa3840940c12
e2ec93490885374531e3305c2815ba8532fc973f4f1da988a01d8c346bc90b98f08d21c9c7e1c3844c45c3fd18bcba1ae4cdcb1fdfbc7cee9c3c7a71f2e89793
c78f4f1efd9c3a32acf6503cd1ad5e7fffc5df4f3f75fe7afeddeb275fd9f15cc7fffed367bffdfaa51d082b5d85e0d5d7cffe78f1ecd5379ffff9c3130bbc99
a0810eef930873e73a3e766eb10816a6426032c783e4ed2cfa2122ba45339e701423398bc57f478406fafa1c5164c1b5b019c13b09488c0d787576cf20dc0b93
9920168fd7c2c8001e30465b2cb146e19a9c4b0b737f164fec9327331d770ba123dbdc018a8dfc766653d05662731984d8a07993a258a0098eb170e4357688b1
6575770931e27a408609e36c2c9cbbc46921620d499f0c8c6a5a19ed9108f232b711847c1bb139b8e3b418b5adba8d8f4c24dc15885ac8f73135c27815cd048a
6c2efb28a27ac0f791086d247bf364a8e33a5c40a6279832a733c29cdb6c6e24b05e2de9d7405eec693fa0f3c84426821cda7cee23c674649b1d06218aa6366c
8fc4a18efd881f428922e7261336f80133ef10790e7940f1d674df21d848f7e96a701b9455a7b42a107965965872791533a37e7b733a4658490d08bfa1e71189
4f15f73559f7ff5b5907217df5ed53cbaa2eaaa0371362bda3f6d6647c1b6e5dbc03968cc8c5d7ee369ac53731dc2e9b0decbd74bf976ef77f2fdddbeee7772f
d82b8d06f9965bc574abae36eed1d67dfb9850da13738af7b9daba73e84ca32e0c4a3bf5cc8ab3e7b8690887f24e86090cdc2441cac64998f88488b017a229ec
ef8bae7432e10bd713ee4c19876dbf1ab6fa96783a8b0ed8287d5c2d16e5a3692a1e1c89d578c1cfc6e15143a4e84a75f50896b9576c27ea51794940dabe0d09
6d329344d942a2ba1c9441520fe610340b09b5b277c2a26e615193ee97a9da6001d4b2acc0d6c9810d57c3f53d30012378a242148f649ed2542fb3ab92f92e33
bd2d984605c03e625901ab4cd725d7adcb93ab4b4bed0c99364868e566925091513d8c87688417d52947cf42e36d735d5fa5d4a02743a1e683d25ad1a8d6fe8d
c579730d76ebda40635d2968ec1c37dc4ad9879219a269c31dc3633f1c4653a81d2eb7bc884ee0ddd95024e90d7f1e6599265cb4110fd3802bd149d520220227
0e2551c395cbcfd24063a5218a5bb104827061c9d541562e1a3948ba99643c1ee3a1d0d3ae8dc848a7a7a0f0a95658af2af3f383a5259b41ba7be1e8d819d059
720b4189f9d5a20ce0887078fb534ca33922f03a3313b255fdad35a685eceaef13550da5e3884e43b4e828ba98a77025e5191d7596c5403b5bac1902aa8564d1
080713d960f5a01add34eb1a2987ad5df7742319394d34573dd35015d935ed2a66ccb06c036bb13c5f93d7582d430c9aa677f854bad725b7bed4bab57d42d625
20e059fc2c5df70c0d41a3b69acca026196fcab0d4ecc5a8d93b960b3c85da599a84a6fa95a5dbb5b8653dc23a1d0c9eabf383dd7ad5c2d078b9af549156df3d
f44f136c700fc4a30d2f81675470954af8f09020d810f5d49e24950db845ee8bc5ad0147ce2c210df741c16f7a41c90f72859adfc97965af90abf9cd72aee9fb
e562c72f16daadd243682c228c8a7efacda50bafa2e87cf1e5458d6f7c7d89966fdb2e0d599467eaeb4a5e11575f5f8aa5ed5f5f1c02a2f3a052ead6cbf55625
572f37bb39afddaae5ea41a5956b57826abbdb0efc5abdfbd0758e14d86b9603afd2a9e52ac520c8799582a45fabe7aa5ea9d4f4aacd5ac76b3e5c6c6360e5a9
7c2c6201e155bc76ff010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f
7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be
9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980
ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5b
babac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e
745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72656c732f
2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f7468656d652f74
68656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100aa5225dfc60600008b1a00001600000000000000000000000000d6020000746865
6d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000d00900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cb0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax374\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Mention;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Smart Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hashtag;}}{\*\datastore 0105000002000000180000004d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000004d
25f98fc6d201feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}