{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch31506\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f37\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Segoe UI;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f411\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f412\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f414\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f415\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f418\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f419\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}
{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Segoe UI CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Segoe UI Cyr;}{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Segoe UI Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Segoe UI Tur;}
{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Segoe UI (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Segoe UI (Arabic);}{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Segoe UI Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Segoe UI (Vietnamese);}
{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}
{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}
{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\dbch\af31506 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 \styrsid10377980 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \sqformat Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs16 \sbasedon10 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid8790724 annotation reference;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 \slink17 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid8790724 annotation text;}{\*\cs17 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20 
\sbasedon10 \slink16 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid8790724 Comment Text Char;}{\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon16 \snext16 \slink19 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid8790724 annotation subject;}{\*\cs19 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs20 
\sbasedon17 \slink18 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid8790724 Comment Subject Char;}{\s20\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs18\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f39\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext20 \slink21 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid8790724 Balloon Text;}{\*\cs21 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs18 
\sbasedon10 \slink20 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid8790724 Balloon Text Char;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid5598567\rsid6434383\rsid6898678\rsid8790724\rsid10377980\rsid13448032\rsid14895345\rsid15735321}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0
\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\author Sara Schwebel}{\operator Rachel Manuszak}{\creatim\yr2015\mo5\dy6\hr14\min33}{\revtim\yr2015\mo5\dy6\hr14\min33}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages11}{\nofwords4641}
{\nofchars26458}{\nofcharsws31037}{\vern32775}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves1\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont1\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen
\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale121\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot6434383\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit\usenormstyforlist\noindnmbrts\felnbrelev\nocxsptable\indrlsweleven\noafcnsttbl\afelev\utinl\hwelev\spltpgpar\notcvasp\notbrkcnstfrctbl\notvatxbx\krnprsnet\cachedcolbal \nouicompat \fet0
{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\nofeaturethrottle1\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sectrsid10377980\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid5598567 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6434383 The Lone Woman of San Nicolas
\par 
\par A Tale of Mission Santa Barbara
\par 
\par [...]
\par 
\par INTRODUCTION 
\par 
\par THIS is the story of a lone Indian woman who was marooned on a bleak island in the Santa Barbara Channel. She was rescued after many years, and when she at last reached Mission Santa Barbara she found both joy and sorrow within its shelter. 
\par 
\par Mission Santa Barbara was founded nearly seventy years earlier. From the gentle slopes of the Santa In\u142\'8es Mountains, this tenth Mission, the "Queen of the Missions," overlooks the ocean and the distant islands of the Santa Barbara Channel. 
\par 
\par Very soon after its founding
, Chumash Indians came to the Mission in large numbers. Under the padres' skillful training they learned to build their own adobe houses, which they whitewashed neatly inside and out. Their Indian village was arranged around a large plaza, where the child
r
en and young people learned to garden. The older Indians, too, learned many valuable skills&#8212;carpentering, tanning, weaving, sewing, gardening, and cattle raising. Altogether, six hundred Chumash Indians worked faithfully under the guidance of the pa
dres. 
\par 
\par Building activity at Mission Santa Barbara was a continuous process. New and larger structures were built to replace the earlier ones. After Captain Vancouver visited the Mission in 1793, he wrote in his book that he considered Santa Barbara the bes
t-constructed and the best-kept of all the Missions he had seen. At a still later period, the fourth church was constructed. This is the church which is widely known and admired today. Its six-foot-thick sandstone walls are crowned with two massive bell t
owers. The beauty and grandeur of this Mission building have influenced architecture even beyond borders of California. 
\par 
\par Still other structures at Mission Santa Barbara have endured for more than a century. A large reservoir which collected water from the 
hills is still in use. The beautiful fountain where Juana looked at her reflection continues to flow today. But standing empty and unused is the long basin where the Indian women formerly washed their clothes and rinsed them in fresh water spouting from a
 cement bear\'d5s head. 
\par 
\par Mission Santa Barbara had its difficult period too. When news came that the pirate Bouchard was within a few miles of this Mission, soldiers and Indians prepared to defend it, but he did not attack.
\par 
\par A few years later, enemy Indians a
ttacked it in force. Fires swept over the hills, burned the trees, threatened the Mission, and blackened its vineyards. At another time there was a drought so serious that the people marched through the streets and prayed for rain. 
\par 
\par One of the greatest bl
ows to Mission Santa Barbara, as well as to the other Missions, was the decree of secularization. About ten years after Mexico became an independent nation, the new government decided on a plan which would remove the California Missions from the control o
f
 the Church. The first step was to "free" the Indians from the padres' rule. But when few Indians seemed eager for this "freedom," another step was taken. Only Indians who were free would be allowed to vote in their village election. Because most of the I
ndians were devoted to the padres, even this decree had little effect. 
\par 
\par In the following year, 1834, the actual decree of secularization was passed. This act provided that the Indians and the Mission property were to be removed from the control of the Fran
ciscan padres. Administrators, or "secular" officials, were then to govern both the Missions and the Indians. Inventories were taken at all the Missions, and the new officials in charge received salaries which were paid out of the Missions' earnings. Mexi
can padres were to replace the Spanish Franciscans. Under this secular control, both the padres and the poor Mission Indians suffered. Mission buildings and ranches were sadly neglected, and Mission prosperity gradually came to an end. 
\par 
\par During this difficult period, however, a new padre came to Mission Santa Barbara in the company of Bishop Diego, California's first bishop. This young Mexican priest, Father Francisco S\u135\'87
nchez, was a man of unusual zeal and devotion. For forty-two years he worked among Califo
rnia's Indians and Mexicans. Today he is probably better known readers of <emph>Ramona</emph> as Father Salvierderra, a man beloved by all. In 1853, when the Lone Woman of San Nicolas reached Mission Santa Barbara, it was this same understanding Father S
\u135\'87nchez who welcomed her and later baptized her at the Mission which had sheltered many of her people.
\par 
\par MISSION SANTA BARBARA 
\par 
\par CALENDAR
\par 
\par 1786 Founding of the Mission, December 4 
\par 
\par 1820 Dedication of the present church 
\par 
\par 1834 Secularization 
\par 
\par 1842 Arrival of Father S\u135\'87nchez 
\par 
\par 1846 Sale of the Mission 
\par 
\par 1865 Return of the Mission to the Catholic Church
\par 
\par THE LONE WOMAN OF SAN NICOLAS 
\par 
\par THE cold gray fog settled down over the rocky island of San Nicolas, farthest westward of the Santa Barbara Chann
el Islands. Gelma stood on the beach and shivered. Even her cloak of smooth sea-otter skin could not shut out the cold and dampness of such a day. She stared at the cliff where breakers were dashing high above the jagged rocks, adding their constant pound
ing roar to the screeching of sea gulls. 
\par 
\par "If only the sun would shine!" Gelma said to her sister. "When I see nothing but fog day after day, I am restless and unhappy." 
\par 
\par The older Indian woman touched Gelma's arm and pointed seaward. "Look!" she urged. "The fog is drifting now. Maybe it will blow away and you can have your sunshine. All of us will be happier if the sun shines." 
\par 
\par Gelma noticed a tiny patch of water where blue waves danced and sparkled in a shaft of light. Suddenly the patch widened, showi
ng the sunlight which soon flooded the island with its warmth. And offshore, tossing about on the choppy waves was a small boat. 
\par 
\par "A boat! A boat!" shouted Gelma. 
\par 
\par Indians hurried out of their huts to see the welcome sight. Gelma
 darted into her hut and carried her small boy to the shore to watch the arrival of the rowboat. As it came closer she could see several people. Indians were rowing the boat, but three white men were in it too. 
\par 
\par "Those are not Russians," said Gelma, surprised. 
\par 
\par "They are strangers," agreed her sister. "Russian fur traders said they would never come here again. But perhaps these palefaces are traders too.\'d3
\par 
\par Gelma watched the village children shouting and laughing as they ran along the narrow strip of sandy
 beach. Even one day of sunshine brought joy to young and old alike. And now, visitors! She put her small son down on the beach and wished for his sake that all the days could be warm and bright like this one. 
\par 
\par As the rowboat nosed up on the beach, Indian
s crowded around it. Children tumbled into it and climbed out again, carrying strange fruits in their brown hands. One of the Indians who had come in the boat spoke for the white men in a language that the islanders could partly understand.
\par 
\par "We come from Missions on mainland," he said slowly. 
\par 
\par At first Gelma did not pay much attention to his words. She did not understand "Missions." She was far more interested in the bright clothes the Indians were wearing. Gaily striped blankets were wrapped around their
 shoulders covering most of their clothes except the blue-gray trousers. It was not until the strange Indians offered fruit to the islanders that Gelma became really interested in their explanations. 
\par 
\par "At Missions we grow beautiful fruit&#8212;apples, pea
ches, plums, pears, and oranges." The man's words were not so interesting as the sweet fruit he offered. Except for an occasional wild berry, this fruit was the first that Gelma had ever tasted. She ate one piece hungrily, then reached for another to give
 to her little boy. 
\par 
\par "What are these Missions?" asked the chief of the island. "Tell us more!"
\par 
\par The visiting Indian looked around him and pointed to the barren island where few trees grew and where huts were made of whale skeletons covered with furs. "At Missions are warm huts, comfortable beds, plenty of food three times a day." 
\par 
\par Gelma sighed. Was it possible that any place had such good things? "Does sun shine at Missions?" she asked, trembling at her own boldness. 
\par 
\par The strange Indian nodded and smiled. "Sun all year long," he promised. "Wonderful church and gray-robed padres. Beautiful music!\'d3 
\par 
\par Gelma shook her head, not understanding about the church and the padres. She wondered about the music too. There was little music on San Nicolas Island, and tha
t little was mournful and shrill. But at that moment one of the Indians and the white men began to sing a joyous song. The other Indian took something shiny from the bottom of the boat, held it to his lips, and played sweet music that made the islanders l
ong to dance. 
\par 
\par Gelma needed nothing more to persuade her to go away to the mainland, but it was not her place to speak. She had nothing to say about what her people would do. The Mission song ended far too soon to suit her. Then the island chief spoke simp
ly. "Do Indians live at this Mission?" 
\par 
\par The first Mission Indian answered, "Hundreds of Indians live there! Padres sent us here to ask you to come and join us." 
\par 
\par "We play much but we work too," the other added eagerly. 
\par 
\par The Chief called the men of the village into his hut for a council meeting. Gelma listened anxiously to the voices which were louder than usual. She smiled when the Chief announced solemnly, "We go to Mission." 
\par 
\par All the islanders began to crowd closer to the boat until the Mission Indians waved them back. "Wait!\'d3
 they shouted. "We must return to our ship, which is anchored offshore. Then we can bring another rowboat. We have room for only a few this time. While we are gone, get ready everything you wish to
 take with you!" But the Indians refused to go until they could all leave their island at once. 
\par 
\par After the boat had disappeared into the fog, the Chief called his people together for a few minutes. "Pack only what you really need!" he ordered{\*\atrfstart 418686089}. "But leave nothing of value behind you for Russian fur traders to steal." }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid8790724 {\*\atrfend 418686089}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 418686089}{\*\atndate 1194589031}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid8790724 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8790724 Anti-Russian sentiment}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6434383 
\par 
\par Gelma took her little boy, hurried to her sister\'d5s hut, and began sorting furs and baskets of food. "Always sunshine," she murmured. "Warm days, good food, and wonderful music." She was so happy that she tried to sing the chant the strangers had sung. 

\par 
\par "Why, Gelma!" her sister said. "You are singing for the first time in many years."
\par 
\par Gelma's eyes grew bright. "I am happy for all of us, but mostly for the little one." 
\par 
\par The older woman sorted her few belongings while her children danced in and out of the hut. Never before had there been such great excitement on San Nicolas Island. At last one of the children shouted shrilly, "The boats are coming!" 
\par 
\par The villagers hurried to the beach to watch. When the boats were close to the shore, the Chief gave final orders to his people. "Bring all your supplies to the beach! And toss the fur coverings from your huts into the sea." 
\par 
\par Now that the Indians were ready to leave the only home they had ever known, they were silent&#8212;all but Gelma, who felt nothing but joy over leaving the dismal island. "Take this pile of furs for my baby," she said to her sister's oldest child. 
\par 
\par "No!" cried the girl. "I'll take care of your little boy!" 
\par 
\par At that moment the boats reached shore. "Hurry!" cried the Mission Indians. "A storm is coming! No time to lose! We'll help you!" 
\par 
\par T
he soldiers showed the Indians where to sit in the bottom of the boat. They pushed women and frightened children into their places. Suddenly Gelma remembered the good furs still covering the whale-bone hut. She and her sister were both widows with no man 
t
o help them. She ran back to the hut. In a moment she had stripped off the furs and tossed them into the sea. She was glad to see the breakers snatch them away where no trader would get them. By the time she returned to the beach, the first boat had pushe
d away from shore. As she stopped to pick up her supplies, impatient hands pushed her into the other boat. 
\par 
\par Separated now from her sister's family and her child, Gelma
 was frightened among so many strangers. The waves through which they were rowing grew higher with every passing moment. The fog banks were shifting across the blue-gray water and shutting out both the other boat and the island from sight. 
\par 
\par With one hand Gelma clung tightly to her package of furs, and with the other she gripped the edge of the boat. To calm her fears she thought of the perfect days ahead when she and her son would enjoy the warm sunshine and the fine Mission food. 
\par 
\par At last the rowboat dre
w close to the large, winged ship. Gelma was the first to climb on board and hurry to the wide deck. Standing beside the captain she watched for the other boat to appear out of the fog. Even before she caught a glimpse of it, she heard screams she recogni
zed. Then she saw the crowded boat and her sister trying to quiet the screams of the little girl. But where was Gelma's small boy? What had happened to her child? 
\par 
\par Gelma's heart was like lead. She shouted to her sister, but the little girl's screams drowned out her words. She shook the captain's arm. "Send a boat back! My baby has been left behind!" But the captain only shook his head. 
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 418686090}Panic gripped the young mother. There was no time to lose. If she waited, someone might stop her. She could not forsake her child. She ran to the other side of the ship, tore off her fur cloak and leaped into the water. }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid8790724 {\*\atrfend 418686090}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 418686090}{\*\atndate 1194589035}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid8790724 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8790724 Jump overboard}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6434383 
\par 
\par Gelma was a strong young woman, toughened by years of struggle against nature. She swam easily enough for a short distance. But never before had she tri
ed a long swim against mountainous waves and opposing tides. At first she swam breathlessly in a hurry to reach shore. But soon her breath came in gasps that forced her to rest. On and on she swam, steadily, wearily, carried off her course time after time
. 
\par 
\par Often the island was swallowed up in a fog bank, but she could tell the right direction by the booming of the breakers against the cliffs. At last a long, sweeping breaker lifted her and swept her high up on the shallow beach. There she lay, too beaten 
and bruised to be able to move for a long time. 
\par 
\par Staggering, stumbling, she found her way to her hut. But she found no sign of her child. Blankets, food, and baby were gone! She dragged herself out into the bitter cold evening. She called frantically for 
her child. Then she crept back inside the shelter and sank down in a heap. 
\par 
\par All that night Gelma lay in a stupor. In the morning a streak of sunshine came through the fog and wakened her. She listened a moment for the sound of her baby's breathing, but sh
e heard only the beating of her heart. All at once she clearly realized the dreadful truth. She was alone, alone on San Nicolas Island, miles and miles away from her people. 
\par 
\par Her grief, loneliness, and despair drove her screaming out of the hut. She raced
 up the rocky shore to a cliff. But there were only the sea gulls to scream back at her. Fog surrounded her island like walls. She knew now that she was completely forsaken and that she should not expect anyone to come back for her. 
\par 
\par Her screaming ceased.
 She was hungry and cold. She wandered from hut to hut. They were all deserted and empty. She could not find even a blanket or scrap of fur. There was no fire remaining in any of the huts. Because of a shortage of wood, the island houses had been made of 
p
arts of whale skeletons covered over with furs. But the furs were gone now, and the white bones of the wide open mouths were all that remained of the village. She pried some mussels away from rocks at the water's edge, scooped them out of their shells, an
d gulped them down raw. 
\par 
\par "I must make fire to keep myself alive," she thought. "Without fire or clothing I will soon perish." 
\par 
\par Patiently she gathered dried grasses and leaves. In the shelter of her whale-skull hut she ground them to a powder. For hours sh
e twirled a stick around in a small hole, faster and faster, never giving up until a few sparks set fire to the powdery grass. She sighed a long, weary sigh. "Never can I let my fire go out," she muttered to herself. "Now there is no one to help me. I mus
t learn to depend upon myself and I must keep myself strong. Some day I may be rescued!"
\par 
\par Fortunately, that evening Gelma found a worn sea-otter skin, full of small holes which she patched from scraps cut from the ragged edges. It would last her a long time if she wore it only in the coldest weather. 
\par 
\par When roots and shellfish became scarce on the island, Gelma thought of th
e foods at the Mission&#8212;the juicy peaches, pears, and plums she had sampled. Sometimes in her dreams she was surrounded with mounds of food and her old friends, who were watching her eat it. Then her waking was still harder to bear. 
\par 
\par When Gelma began
 to feel the cold wintry fogs, she wove grasses into a kind of skirt. But when the wind roared across the island or the wet fog settled on it for days and weeks, there was not nearly enough warmth in her grass skirt and the worn skin cloak. 
\par 
\par The desolate 
Indian woman searched the island for any supplies that might have been left behind. She found a few flint knives and used them in making bone fishhooks and needles, and for digging roots. Every day she climbed up to the lookout rock, always with a faint h
ope that a ship might return for her.
\par 
\par Once when Gelma sighted a whale stranded in the shallow water, she shouted for the first time in many moons. She recalled those gay days long ago when all the islanders had cut and dried enough whale meat for the entir
e season. But with one knife and one pair of hands, only a small amount of meat could be cut. After a few days the odor of the rapidly spoiling meat along the shore sickened Gelma until she could scarcely eat. But her hunger drove her on. She had to eat. 

\par 
\par Years dragged by. There was little difference between the seasons on her bleak island. Rain in winter, fog in summer, and only an occasional sunny day! Gelma could tell the passing of the years by the shortening of the days, when it grew dark earlier than
 usual. On what seemed the shortest day she made a deep notch in the whale bone at the right of her doorway. 
\par 
\par One day in spring she heard a new sound and found a drift log bumping against the jagged rocks beyond the cliff. Quickly she swam out to it and t
ugged with all her strength to free it. After many hours she freed it from the rocks and pushed it before her to the shore, where she pulled it up on the beach to dry. 
\par 
\par "A dugout canoe," she murmured to herself. "With it I can paddle to the nearest island
. Or when the wind is right I can drift to the mainland." In her thoughts she always added "to my baby." But then she quickly turned her thoughts to something else because she could never be sure whether her child had been sleeping safely in the bottom of
 the boat or whether&#8212;She dared not think about that. She had to keep busy. 
\par 
\par She spent many long hours digging into the log with her flint knives. It might take a lifetime to hollow out a canoe. Her knives might not last until she had finished it. Whe
n she had cut a small hole she laid a fire in it to burn it out. But the log had been soaked with water, and it showed little sign of drying. The dismal fogs kept it too damp to burn. Her fire kept smouldering, and then she would have to relight it. 

\par 
\par As t
he years dragged by, Gelma cut notches in the log as well as in the whale bone to mark the passage of time. Even with these two records she became uncertain about the exact number of years. She shrugged her bony shoulders. "What difference does the time m
ake?" she thought. "It may be five years or ten. Or it may be all my life." 
\par 
\par Yet each spring with the coming of the new green leaves on the scrubby bushes and with the coming of the green grasses and occasional wild flowers, she again felt new hope. She no
ticed the large flocks of birds that stopped at her island&#8212;birds on their way to better climates. She could not fly away with them as she wished, but she could at least use them for food. 
\par 
\par Gelma built little bird traps of twigs and grasses. When she
 found how easily she could catch birds in them, she built many more traps and scattered them over the island. She needed the food desperately. Then after a while she began to think of all the little skins. What a beautiful dress they would make! Unlike a
nything ever seen before. Of course there would be no one to see her dress, but she would find joy in it, and besides, the feathers would help keep her warm. 
\par 
\par Very carefully she saved every bird skin, tiny or large. She rubbed them with seaweed and dried t
hem tenderly to preserve the pretty feathers. In the long, dreary evenings beside her fire, she sewed these skins together with a fishbone needle and with thread made of fiber. The colors pleased the lonely woman. Yet always she kept whispering, "Mission 
clothes! Mission clothes!" and then, "Mission food!" until the words formed a sort of chant while she sewed. 
\par 
\par With every passing year there were more gashes on her log and her whale bone. There were more than she could count on all her fingers. Yet no ship
 had come for her! Sometimes, watching from her lookout on a clear day, she would think she saw a sail; but, before she could be sure of it, a fog bank would blot it from sight. Sometimes she thought she saw people landing on her beach, but always it was 
just a dream, a dreadfully disappointing dream. 
\par 
\par It had been years now since Gelma
 had spoken aloud. What use was speech when there was no one to hear her? She thought a great deal and sometimes even moved her mouth in silent words. But only the screaming sea gulls, the barking sea lions, and the constantly pounding waves kept her comp
any. 
\par 
\par For a short time after her return to the island she had thrown fish to the sea lions, hoping to coax them to come close enough to be her friends. Then for a while she had scarcely enough food for herself. At last she decided it was better for the her
ds of sea lions to catch their own fish, as long as she had to eat whatever she could find and whenever she had the chance. Unlike all other creatures she could not leave the island! 
\par 
\par At last she finished the bird-skin dress and sewed it up over her body.
 A wild sense of freedom came over her the moment she wore it. She knew that the dugout canoe was little more than half done and that she could not hope to get away from the island. But she could leap from rock to rock and spread her feather-covered arms 
l
ike wings in her wild dance. From one end of the island to the other she sped, almost like a great bird ready to sail away into the sky. She laughed and shouted wildly at the sea gulls, which screamed back at her and flew away as if mocking her helplessne
ss. 
\par 
\par Her shouting and laughter grew louder as she raced back toward her hut. Even when she saw white men and Indians she paid no attention. They must be another of her many dreams. This time she would not think about them. But when they spoke in a strange 
tongue she realized it was no dream. 
\par 
\par "Come! Come back to the mainland with us!" they cried. {\*\atrfstart 418686091}They made their meaning clear by using signs}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid6898678 {\*\atrfend 418686091}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}
\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 418686091}{\*\atndate 1194589041}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid6898678 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6898678 Signs easily interpreted}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6434383 
. They tried to tell her that from their whaling ship they had seen the movement of the bright colors as she danced, and they had come to rescue her. 
\par 
\par Gelma was afraid. She was terrified and happy at the same time. She ate the food they offered her; then she climbed silently into the boat, still dazed by the thought of their sudden appearance after eighteen long years
 of waiting. As they rowed out to the whaling ship, Gelma would not look back at her island prison. Never again did she want to see its cold forbidding shores! On board the ship she ate all the fruit and bread the palefaces offered her. She held out her h
and for more. After eighteen years of near-starvation, would she ever have enough food again? She kept shaking her head to make sure it was not a dream. Then she gripped the railing of the ship and knew she was not dreaming. 
\par 
\par Closer to the mainland the fog
 cleared away. Suddenly the sun shone on a small city of dazzling white houses roofed with red tiles. It shone still brighter on a beautiful building farther up the hill. All of this was much grander than any of Gelma's dreams. Could this be the wonderful
 Mission she had longed for all these years? After hoping in vain, were her dreams really coming true?
\par 
\par Anxiously she watched the shore, longing for a glimpse of her people, who would be waiting to welcome her. Her heart pounded wildly. Where were all the Indians? She could not see an Indian anywhere. 
\par 
\par When the rowboat at last reached shore, Mrs. Nidever, the wife of the ship's captain, opened her arms and held the forlorn woman tightly. But Gelma was dazed and bewildered. Her eyes kept searching for others
, for her own dark-skinned people, to welcome her. Gray-robed Father S\'e1\u135\'87
nchez greeted her with a friendly smile and led both the women into the shelter and quiet of the deserted Mission. But Gelma was frightened even more when she saw the strange candlelight flickering on the altar. 
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 418686092}"Where are my people?" Gelma kept asking, over and over again. She repeated her words in a dreadful, wailing chant. But it was many weeks before she had learned enough of her friend's Spanish to understand about the fate of th
e Indians. When new rulers had given the Indians their freedom, they had left the Mission. Some of them were working on neighboring ranchos and some had disappeared completely. Gelma's heart felt numb. Then her loneliness returned, more dreadful than befo
re. 
\par 
\par Gelma asked the same pitiful questions of every visitor to the Mission. "Where are my people? Where are the Indians from San Nicolas Island?" 
\par 
\par Kindly Father S\'e1\u135\'87nchez showed her all the orchards that the Indians had planted. Perhaps her people had hel
ped to build the sparkling fountain and the laundering trough. They might have helped decorate the wonderful white church. But where were they now? Were some of them in those unmarked graves in the Mission churchyard? }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid15735321 {\*\atrfend 418686092}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 418686092}{\*\atndate 1194589048}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid15735321 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15735321 Vanishing Indians}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6434383 
\par 
\par Gelma shook her head sadly. "Let me become a Mission Indian too. Let me do what I can to help the Mission that once gave shelter to many of my people." 
\par 
\par So the padre spent many hours with her, teaching her about the Mission God. Sometimes Gelma
 knelt alone on the smooth tiles inside the church. Sometimes she lighted an altar candle and prayed in her native tongue. "Let me see just one of my people! Just one!" she would repeat again and again. 
\par 
\par Days were passing much more swiftly than they had s
eemed to pass on the island of San Nicolas. In just two weeks Gelma would be baptized in the wonderful Mission church. Often she wandered forlornly up into the hills beyond Santa Barbara. She kept hoping to meet some of her island people. Sometimes she wo
ndered whether she would recognize them after so many years. 
\par 
\par Meanwhile all the people in the village were very kind to her. They gave her more rich food than she could possibly eat. They were planning a big fiesta for the day when she would be baptized Juana Mar\'ed
a. In return for their kindness, Gelma had promised to dance a new bird dance in the same costume she had been wearing when she came to Santa Barbara.
\par 
\par One morning she was practicing her new dance skipping, leaping, gliding across the balcony of th
e Nidever house. She could not keep her thoughts on her dance; she kept thinking, instead, of all her people. As she danced close to the railing, she glanced down into the street below. Suddenly she stood still and clung tightly to one of the posts. She s
tared at a young Indian, dressed in Mission clothes, who was walking past the house. 
\par 
\par "Stop! Stop!" she shouted in her native tongue. 
\par 
\par The young man looked up at her and shook his head. Then he replied in smooth-flowing Spanish that Gelma could not follow
. But there was something in his fine, earnest young face that reminded Gelma of her people. As he walked away from her across the field toward the Mission he seemed even more familiar to her. She watched him until at last he disappeared down the long, ar
ched corridors. 
\par 
\par The lonely Indian woman stood on the balcony, lost in her memories. Could it be that her dreams, her new prayers, were about to come true? 
\par 
\par "Gelma! Gelma!" It was Mrs. Nidever calling her. "Come, Gelma! Your lunch is waiting for you!" Gel
ma looked at her friend a moment and sighed. "I can't eat," she said in halting Spanish. "I must go to the Mission." In a mixture of her two languages she tried to tell Mrs. Nidever about the young Indian who had just walked by and gone to the Mission. "H
e looks like my people! He looks like my . . . ."
\par 
\par Mrs. Nidever put her arm around the trembling Indian woman. "We can ask Father S\'e1\u135\'87nchez," she said. "He will surely know who the young man is." 
\par 
\par Gelma's dark eyes glowed. "Could&#8212;could I have a new dress to wear?" she asked wistfully. "A Mission dress or else a Spanish dress?" 
\par 
\par Mrs. Nidever showed her an old sea chest, filled with treasures from all parts of the world. "Which would you like to wear, Gelma?" she asked gently. "You may make your choice." 
\par 
\par Admiringly, Gelma chose a long, rustling black dress and a gay embroidered shawl. She longed for beautifully embroidered satin slippers, too, but there were none to fit her feet. "We can make new slippers for you in time for the fiesta," promised Mrs. 
Nidever. "Now you are dressed just like a Spanish se\u150\'96\'f1ora!" 
\par 
\par The two women walked across the fields. Gelma lingered a moment to admire her reflection in the beautifully clear water of the fountain. Then she hurried over to the Mission church where Father S\u135\'87\'e1
nchez was standing. She waited for Mrs. Nidever to speak. 
\par 
\par "Good evening, Padre! Gelma wants to know if you can tell us about a certain young Indian who passed by our house a short time ago," explained Mrs. Nidever. 
\par 
\par Father S\u135\'87\'e1nchez looked at Gelma's
 fine new clothing and smiled at her. "Oh, yes! The boy has come from San Gabriel Mission," he answered in a friendly manner. "His name is Juan, almost the same as Juana, which will be your own name after your baptism. He is an orphan, about twenty years 
old, and he has come to look after our beautiful gardens, that have been long neglected. He is a fine boy! He has a good voice, too, and will be a great help in our choir. And he has strong and willing hands to devote to his Mission." 
\par 
\par Gelma smiled and rai
sed her head proudly. She lifted her rustling skirts a little, the way Spanish ladies did, and tiptoed down the aisle toward the front of the church. Then she knelt on the cool tile floor, bowed her head, and clasped her hands very tightly.
\par 
\par She couldn't be absolutely sure that Juan was one of her San Nicolas people. But in her heart she was sure that he was really her own son. They would both be Mission Indians and do whatever they could to help the good padre. 
\par 
\par At first Gelma prayed slowly, falteringly. Then her words burst forth in torrents of thanks which helped to wash from her memory all the old sorrow of her lonely years. New hope and a new-found happiness were being born within her.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13448032 {\*\bkmkstart _GoBack}{\*\bkmkend _GoBack}
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb6ac3301045f785fe83d0b6d8
72ba28a5d8cea249777d2cd20f18e4b12d6a8f843409c9df77ecb850ba082d74231062ce997b55ae8fe3a00e1893f354e9555e6885647de3a8abf4fbee29bbd7
2a3150038327acf409935ed7d757e5ee14302999a654e99e393c18936c8f23a4dc072479697d1c81e51a3b13c07e4087e6b628ee8cf5c4489cf1c4d075f92a0b
44d7a07a83c82f308ac7b0a0f0fbf90c2480980b58abc733615aa2d210c2e02cb04430076a7ee833dfb6ce62e3ed7e14693e8317d8cd0433bf5c60f53fea2fe7
065bd80facb647e9e25c7fc421fd2ddb526b2e9373fed4bb902e182e97b7b461e6bfad3f010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c00000
00360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4fc7060abb08
84a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b63095120f88d94fbc
52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462a1a82fe353
bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468
656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b4b0d592c9c
070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b4757e8d3f7
29e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100af2514d3ba060000581a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65
312e786d6cec59cf6fdb3614be0fd8ff20e8eefa9724db419dc296ed666bd216b5dba147daa62d369464887452a32830b4c701038675c30e2bb0db0ec3b6022d
b04bf7d764ebb075c0fe853d52b24cdaf49206390443938b457deff1e37be4f748f1eab58721b58e70c2481c35edf295926de168148f49346dda7707bd42ddb6
1847d118d138c24d7b81997d6df7c30faea21d1ee0105b601fb11dd4b403ce673bc5221b41336257e2198ee0dd244e42c4e1319916c7093a06bf212d564a25af
182212d9568442707b6b3221236c0d844b7b77e9bc4be131e24c348c68d217aeb16621b1e3c3b240b005f369621d21dab4a19f717c3cc00fb96d51c438bc68da
25f9671777af16d14e6644f9165bc5ae27ff32bbcc607c58917d26d361dea9e3b88ed7cafd4b00e59bb86eadeb75bddc9f04a0d108469a72517dbaed46bbe366
580594fe34f8eed43ad5b28657fc573738b75cf1afe12528f5ef6ce07b3d1fa2a8e12528c5bb1b78c7a9557c47c34b508af736f0b552abe3d434bc0405944487
1be892eb55fde56873c824a67b4678c3757ab54ae67c8582d990cf2ed1c5248ef8b6b916a20771d203800052c44964f1c50c4fd00866b18f281926c4da27d380
8b6ed00e46cafbb469c4369a448f161b2564c69bf6c73304eb62e5f59fd73ffef3faa575f2e4d5c9935f4e9e3e3d79f273ea48b3da43d154b57afbfd177f3fff
d4faebe5776f9f7d65c63315fffb4f9ffdf6eb9766202ca2159d375fbff8e3d58b37df7cfee70fcf0cf05682862a7c4042ccac9bf8d8ba1387303019159d391e
26ef66310810512d5ad194a108895e0cfebb3cd0d03717882203ae8df508de4b40444cc0ebf3071ae17e90cc393178bc11841af0208e693b4e8c51b821fa52c2
3c98475373e7c95cc5dd41e8c8d4b78f222dbfddf90cd493985cfa01d668dea628e2688a23cc2df12e3ec4d830bafb8468713d20a32466f1845bf789d546c418
9201196ab36965b44742c8cbc24410f2adc5e6e09ed58ea969d41d7ca4236155206a203fc0540be37534e72834b91ca090aa01df473c3091ec2f92918aeb320e
999e621a5bdd3166cc64732b81f12a49bf0102624efb015d843a32e1e4d0e4731fc5b18aecc4877e80c29909db2751a0623f6287304591753be626f841acaf10
f10c7940d1d674df23584bf7e96a7017b453a5b49a20e2cd3c31e4f23a8eb5f9db5fd009c2526a40da35c50e4974aa7ca73d5c9c708354bef9f6b981f76595ec
56428c6b666f4da8b7e1d6e5d98f9331b9fceadc41f3e8368605b159a2de8bf37b71b6fff7e2bc6d3d5fbc24af5418045a6c06d3edb6dc7c875bf7de1342699f
2f28de6772fbcda0f68c7bd028ece4b913e767b159003fc54a860e34dc3441d2c64a62fe09e1413f4033d8ba976de164ca32d75366cd62064746d96cf42df074
1e1ec4e3f4c8592e8be3652a1e0cf1557bc9cddbe1b8c053b4575b1da372f792ed541e77970484edbb90503ad349540d246acb46112479b886a01948c8915d08
8b8681455db85fa66a830550cbb3029b230bb6544ddb75c0048ce0cc84281e8b3ca5a95e665726f32233bd2d98da0c28c1778d6c06ac32dd105cb70e4f8c2e9d
6a67c8b44642996e3a09191959c35880c6389b9da2f52c34de35d78d554a357a2214592c141ab5fa7fb1386faec16e5d1b68a42a058dace3a6ed555d98322334
6bda1338bac3cf70067387894d2da253f8fe35e249bae0cfa32cb384f10e62411a70293aa91a8484e3c4a2246cda62f8791a68243544722b5740102e2db906c8
ca65230749d7938c27133ce26ada951611e9f411143ed50ae35b697e7eb0b08ce790ee7e303eb686749edc4130c5dc5a5904704c187cdf29a7d11c13f824990b
d96afead15a64c76d56f82720ea5ed88ce0294551455cc53b894f29c8e7cca63a03c656386802a21c90ae1702a0aac1a54ad9ae65523e5b0b5ea9e6e2422a788
e6aa666aaa22aaa659c5b41e9665602d96e72bf20aab6588a15caa153e95ee75c96d2cb56e6d9f90570908781e3f43d53d434150a8ad3ad3a809c69b322c343b
6bd56bc77280a7503b4b915054df5bba5d8b5b5e238cdd41e3b92a3fd8adcf5a689a2cf79532d2f2ee42bd5e88870f403c3af021774e3993a984cb8304c186a8
2ff724a96cc01279c8b3a501bfac79429af6a392db72fc8aeb174a75b75b70aa4ea950775bd542cb75abe5ae5b2e75da95c75058781096ddf4dea4071f9be822
bb3d91ed1b3728e1f27bda95511c166379435294c4e50d4ab992dda0c81b98a66dbc4ab108a8cf23afd26b541b6dafd0a8b67a05a7d3ae171abed72e743cbfd6
e9757cb7dee83db6ad2309765a55dff1baf58257f6fd82e395c438ea8d42cda9545a4ead55ef3aadc7d97e064290ea48161488b324b8fb2f000000ffff030050
4b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e
72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae9
95719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757d
a0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d00
14000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d
0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b000000000000000000000000002b0100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800
000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000140200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b
01022d0014000600080000002100af2514d3ba060000581a00001600000000000000000000000000d10200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e78
6d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000bf0900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000ba0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax267\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef1\lsdunhideuseddef1\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e352e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffffec69d9888b8b3d4c859eaf6cd158be0f000000000000000000000000c04a
57312b88d001feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}