{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset1\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}
{\f38\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0502040204020203}Segoe UI;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f39\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f40\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f419\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Segoe UI CE;}{\f420\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Segoe UI Cyr;}
{\f422\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Segoe UI Greek;}{\f423\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Segoe UI Tur;}{\f424\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Segoe UI (Hebrew);}{\f425\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Segoe UI (Arabic);}
{\f426\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Segoe UI Baltic;}{\f427\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Segoe UI (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}
{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22 }{\*\defpap 
\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 \styrsid7214718 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs16 \sbasedon10 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid938186 annotation reference;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 \slink17 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid938186 annotation text;}{\*\cs17 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20 
\sbasedon10 \slink16 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid938186 Comment Text Char;}{\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon16 \snext16 \slink19 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid938186 annotation subject;}{\*\cs19 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs20 
\sbasedon17 \slink18 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid938186 Comment Subject Char;}{\s20\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af38\afs18\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f38\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext20 \slink21 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid938186 Balloon Text;}{\*\cs21 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af38\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f38\fs18 
\sbasedon10 \slink20 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid938186 Balloon Text Char;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid938186\rsid1465411\rsid1473734\rsid4403891\rsid4868844\rsid5250016\rsid6232504\rsid6650598\rsid7214718\rsid8927437\rsid9590258\rsid9903445\rsid13448032
\rsid13634872\rsid13771830\rsid14968565\rsid16141520\rsid16524701}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\author Sara Schwebel}{\operator Rachel Manuszak}
{\creatim\yr2016\mo6\dy6\hr12\min1}{\revtim\yr2016\mo6\dy6\hr12\min1}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords3317}{\nofchars18913}{\nofcharsws22186}{\vern57441}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont1\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen
\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin450\dgvorigin0\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind5\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot5250016\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit\usenormstyforlist\noindnmbrts\felnbrelev\nocxsptable\indrlsweleven\noafcnsttbl\afelev\utinl\hwelev\spltpgpar\notcvasp\notbrkcnstfrctbl\notvatxbx\krnprsnet\cachedcolbal \nouicompat \fet0
{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\nofeaturethrottle1\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sectrsid7214718\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid5250016 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5250016 A FEMALE CRUSOE.
\par 
\par AN INDIAN WOMAN EIGHTEEN YEARS ALONE ON THE ISLAND OF SAN NICOLAS, OFF THE COAST OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA. PHYSICAL CONDITION GOOD; RECOLLECTED EVENTS, BUT HAD LOST ALL KNOWLEDGE OF THE COMPUTATION OF TIME AND THE DIALECT OF HER TRIBE.
\par 
\par By Absalom B. Stuart, M.D., Santa Barbara California.
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 452977805}I well recollect with what boyish pleasur and absorbing interest I followed Robinson Crusoe in his lonely travels and daily occupations on the island of Juan Fernandez, little thinking that in later years I would find a si
milar case on this far-off coast ; but such is the fact, and my narrative is not only based upon facts, but is fact, the knowledge of the circumstances having been obtained from the discoverers, captors and the attending physician during the last sickness
 of my feminine "Crusoe," the heroine of San Nicolas Island.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid938186 {\*\atrfend 452977805}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 452977805}{\*\atndate -2027450907}
\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 
\ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid938186 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid938186 Girl Crusoe}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5250016 
\par 
\par Having heard that an Indian woman had lived a lonely life of eighteen years(--)from 1835 to 1853(--)on one of the many islands off this coast, I was anxiou
s to learn more about it than the varying and contradictory reports in general circulation gave me, but was unable to do so until about two years ago, or a short time previous to the publication of my first article on this subject, much of which is here r
e
written, when in person I visited Mr. George Nidever and Mr. Chase. Deitman (usually called and known by the name of "Charley Brown"), two of the party which brought her from the island to this place, and Mrs. Nidever, who had charge of her after she land
e
d. Mrs. Nidever was consulted through an interpreter conversant with the Spanish language. Mr. Nidever is well advanced in years, seventy-eight, but retains his faculties to a good degree. A frontiersman from early life, he spent many years as trapper and
 
huntsman among the Indians of the Northwest previous to coming here in 1835. He became expert in the use of the rifle, and maintains his reputation even to the present day ; without the aid of glasses he can put a pistol-ball into the head of a gopher at 
twenty-five feet. Although an American by birth, he usually converses in Spanish, the language of his wife and family.
\par 
\par Mr. Nidever said in substance : "My occupation has been that of otter-bunting. When I came here, in 1835, I found two other Americans, Is
aac J. Sparks and Lewis T. Burton, engaged in the same business. They chartered a schooner of twenty tons burden, built at Monterey, called <i>Peor es Nada</i> (Better than Nothing), for a trip to the coast of Lower California, on another expedition, leav
i
ng Santa Barbara about the first of May, 1835. I did not accompany them. Not being as successful as those in charge expected, three months later the <i>Peor es Nada</i> put into San Pedro, the port, or landing, of Los Angeles, on her return trip. From San
 
Pedro she went to the Island of San Nicolas, about seventy miles soutihwest from San Pedro and a little further southeast from Santa Barbara, for the purpose of removing the Indians then on the island to the main land, and returned with eighteen men, wome
n
 and children, as told me by Isaac J. Sparks. How long the Indians had been residents of the isla,nd, how they got there, and by whose authority they were removed, I know not. One of the Indians, rather dwarfed in intellect, but possessing physical streng
th equal to three or four ordinary men, remained at San Pedro ; two of the women were taken as concubines by two Americans living in Los Angeles County ; the balance o\'a3
 the party divided, part going to Los Angeles and part to San Gabriel Mission. Those two men who selected their concubines from the party took an active part in having the Indians removed from the island."
\par 
\par According to the information I have obtained from those consulted, the history of the Indian woman is as follows : {\*\atrfstart 452977806}She was absent gatherin
g wood when the others were taken away, but returned to the camp or quarters, and finding them deserted, followed in time to be taken aboard the schooner; but, not finding her children there, one a babe at the breast and the other about three years old, s
he plunged into the water and swam ashore in search of them. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid8927437 {\*\atrfend 452977806}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 452977806}{\*\atndate -2027450896}
\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 
\ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid8927437 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8927437 Jump overboard}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5250016 
Unable to find her children, she returned to the beach just in time to see the schooner leaving. She called to those on board, but the only reply she got
, and which she remembered to the day of her death, was "manana," pronounced mah-nyah-nah, the Spanish word for "tomorrow," evidently meaning that the schooner would return for her to-morrow or the following day. She threw herself down on the beach and cr
i
ed long and bitterly. She did not find her children and supposed they were either taken off with the others or carried away and devoured by the wild dogs on the island. She became very sick and lay a long time (she could not compute time) without either w
a
ter or food, but finally recovered, and forgot her grief in wandering about the island. She lived on a plant resembling the cabbage, called by Californians "palosanto," and a root known by the name of "corcomite ;" also a yellow root, the name of which wa
s not given, and seal or sea-lion blubber. As she had abalone-shell fish-hooks and lines made of the sinews of the seal, it is probable she supplied herself with fish from the ocean.
\par 
\par An approaching storm, and night coming on, the water being quite shoal ab
out the island and unsafe for a vessel during a high wind, those in charge of the <i>Peor es Nada</i> were compelled to leave for the safety of the ship, intending to return at a future time for the deserted woman. The vessel ran before the gale and reach
ed San Pedro harbor in safety{\*\atrfstart 452977807}. But circumstances did not permit a return prior to the loss of the schooner in a storm a few weeks later, and the distance to the island was too great to be safely made in the small shore boats.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid1473734 {\*\atrfend 452977807}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 452977807}{\*\atndate 120749106}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid1473734 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid1473734 No {\*\bkmkstart _GoBack}{\*\bkmkend _GoBack}boat available}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5250016 
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 452977808}In 1851 Mr. Nidever visited the island otter hunting, and saw signs of a human inhabitant. He saw a footprint made during the previous rainy season, sunken deeply in the now dry, hard ground, and, from the Size, judged it to be 
that of a woman. Also three small circular enclosures, about two hundred yards from the beach, and about a mile apart. They were about six feet in diameter, made of brush, the walls five feet high, with a small opening on one side. Near these openings wer
e
 sticks of drift-wood stuck in the ground in the form of a tripod, supporting dried seal-blubber. These enclosures appeared to be simply wind-breaks, affording no protection from the rain. The investigation was pursued no further, as an approaching storm 
c
ompelled them to leave the island. Mr. Nidever, having seen many otters on his fixst trip to the island, made a second during the winter of 1852, and being requested by the Mission. Fathers of Santa Barbara, had determined to make a careful hunt for the s
u
pposed lone inhabitant of the island. The head of the island being better supplied with fresh water closer to that portion of the beach affording the best facilities for fishing, and the altitude such as to command a view of the greater portion of the isl
a
nd and coast, he supposed, if alive, she would be found there, and made his arrangements accordingly. He and his party found the same, or similar, enclosures above mentioned, and the tripod sticks supporting renewed pieces of blubber. In the neighborhood 
o
f the huts, or wind-breaks, were seven or eight wild dogs, about the size of a cayote (a small wolf on this coast), and in color, black and white. Mr. N. said he had seen the same kind of dogs among the Northwest Indians. They appeared to be very wild. Wi
t
hin half a mile of the head of the island they discovered a basket. in the crotch of a bush, or small tree, covered with sealskin, and containg a dress made of shag's skins (the shag is a speeics of duck that can neither walk nor fly), carefully folded up
,
 and several square pieces of skin similar to those of which the dress was made, a rope made of seal sinews, abalone-shell fishhooks, bone needles, etc. As it was late, and time for them to return to their boat for the night, Mr. N. scattered the contents
 
of the basket on the ground, so that on his return he could judge of the presence or absence of the owner, by finding them gathered up or remaining as he left them. The following four or more days were busily spent in otter hunting, and before the search 
f
or the Indian woman was renewed a southeast gale compelled them to seek a more hospitable harbor at the island of San Miguel. A third voyage by Mr. N. and six others, four of whom were Indians from Santa Barbara Mission, was made to the island in July, 18
5
3 ; and, although otter hunting' was the main object of the visit, the Indian woman was not forgotten. They landed on the northeast side of the island early in the day, and having selected their camping site, all but one(--)the cook(--)started for the hea
d of the island. 
\par 
\par Near there were observed fresh footprints leading from the beach to the ridge, or higher elevation, but were soon lost in moss-covered ground, which ended the search for the day. The following day they were more successful. One of the par
ty, Mr. Deittman, discovered the object of their search at a distance, and cautiously approaching in an opposite direction from the balance of the party, got quite close to her without being observed. She was in one of her pens, or windbreaks, clothed in 
a
 garment made of the skins of the shag, without sleeves, low-necked, and, as observed when standing, extending almost to the ankles. She was sitting cross-legged, skining seal-blubber with a rude knife made of a piece of hoop-iron driven into a piece of w
o
od. There was no covering on her head, excepting a thick mass of matted hair of a yellowish-brown color, due to its exposure to the sun and air. The hair was short, looking as though the free ends had rotted off. She would occasionally raise her hand, sha
d
e her eyes and look towards the beach, where she evidently saw those from whom Mr. Deitman had recently separated. There were two or three of the wild dogs around the enclosure, which began to growl as Mr. Deitman approached, but ran off at the bidding of
 their mistress. The balance of the party were now signaled, in order that she might be captured if she attempted to escape. {\*\atrfstart 452977809}
To the surprise of all, she made no attempt to get away, but greeted each one as he approached With a bow and a smile, and chattered
 all the while in a dialect which none of them understood, although the Indians accompanying Mr. Nidever were acquainted with several Indian dialects}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid4403891 {\*\atrfend 452977808}{\*\atnid SS}
{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 452977808}{\*\atndate -953617636}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid4403891 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4403891 Discovery}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5250016 
. She"was talking apparently to herself from the time Mr. Deitman approached within hearing until she was made aware of his presence. 
\par 
\par Within the enclosure a fire was smouldering, and a large ash-pile outside showed that to have been her abiding-place for wme time. She was very hospitable(--)preparing a meal from her limite
d store of roots before named, and serving the party with a grace and bearing that surprised them all. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid9590258 {\*\atrfend 452977809}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn 
{\*\annotation{\*\atnref 452977809}{\*\atndate -953617634}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid9590258 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9590258 Indian Queen}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5250016 
{\*\atrfstart 452977810}The expressieon of her face was pleasing, and her features were regular. Her complexion was much fairer, and her 
fonn more symmetrical than that of the Indian women on the main land, and she is believed to have belonged to a different and superior race, which opinion is strengthened by the fact that Mons. Leon de Cessac, a Frenchman, now engaged in collecting archae
o
logical and other specimens of bygone years on the Pacific coast of North and South America for a Paris museum, has found many things on the island San Nicolas similar to those previously collected in Oregon, Washington Territory, and further north, and u
nlike anything found either on the main land or the other islands. Also, the skulls and other bones of the human skeleton found there are unlike those found in other sections of Southern California}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid4403891 {\*\atrfend 452977810}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 452977810}{\*\atndate -953617634}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid4403891 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9590258 Noble Savage}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5250016 .{\*\atrfstart 452977811} A notable observat
ion is the absence of any evidence of syphilis, a striking contrast with other human bones found in this latitude. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid6232504 {\*\atrfend 452977811}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn 
{\*\annotation{\*\atnref 452977811}{\*\atndate -1490579455}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid6232504 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9590258 Noble Savage/}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6232504 Combine with above}}}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5250016 I have had the privilege of examining several skulls exhumed on other islands, sh
owing very plainly the ravages of this disease in those who have passed away probably centuries ago. Near her enclosure were several stakes, between which was stretched a rope made of the seal's sinews, supporting seal and sea-elephant blubber. Further on
 
were three huts, made of whale's ribs, covered with brush, but giving no evidence of having been lately occupied. By signs, and other means of communication, she was made aware that they wanted her to accompany them, and without any apparent hesitation, s
h
e made ready to follow. She filled a basket(--)such as were common among the Indians of this coast for packing on their backs(--)with provisions, fishing-tackle and other articles, and taking it on one arm and a firebrand in the other hand, she followed t
he company.
\par 
\par In their course to where the schooner lay at anchor, they found a beautiful spring of water issuing from the bank above the beach, under a shelving rock. The cracks or fisaures in this rock were stuck full of bones, and there were other evidences of an en
c
ampment of the lone inhabitant of the island. These bones were used for nourishment, obtained by sucking ; they had been dried and resucked many times, showing that, occasionally, she was put upon short rations ; but at the time of her discovery, appeared
 
to have an abundance, such as it was. She retained all her teeth, but they were worn low(--)supposed to be due to the chewing of tough and solid articles of food. Her age appeared to be about fifty years. Further on was another spring, near the beach, und
e
r the bank.  Here she indicated a desire to bathe, and was permitted to do so by the balance of the party retiring out of sight. After her hath she joined the others and went direct to the shore-boat, and thence to the schooner. She was prevailed upon to 
abandon her firebrand and seal-blubber before leaving the beach. Going aboard the vessel, she went directly to the stove and warmed herself, indicating that she knew its use\'b7
 She ate heartily of the food of the crew, appeared to enjoy it, and it agreed with
 her. Mr. Deitman made her a skirt of ticking, with which, and a sailor's cotton shirt and a black necktie, her attire was complete. She assisted in making her dress, but could not see to thread her needle. Her sewing was quite rude. She appeared much ple
a
sed with her new apparel. The following day she went ashore with the men, who made a separate shelter for her, which she occupied about a month(--)the time spent on the island otter hunting. She was quite industrious, carrying wood and water without its b
eing required of her. {\*\atrfstart 452977812}
She appeared contented and happy, frequently singing and chattering to herself. The men could not understand what she said, nor she they ; but Mr. N. said it, was truly wonderful how she could converse with them by signs}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 
\ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid16524701 {\*\atrfend 452977812}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 452977812}{\*\atndate -1490579451}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid16524701 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16524701 Signs easily understood}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5250016 
. She occupied a portion of her time making water-vessels of grass and asphaltum(--)a substance plentiful both on the islands and shore of the main land. The grass was plaited into a shape resembling a demijohn, but wid
er at the top, and lined with asphaltum. She would put in several small pieces of the last-mentioned substance, then drop on them small pebbles Of stones about the size of hulled walnuts, heated sufficiently to melt the asphaltum, and, grasping the neck w
ith both hands, the lower end being on the ground, would give it a rapid rotary motiOn for several minutes, and then empty the stones on the ground. 
\par 
\par The vessels had a continuous coating on the inside, and are reported to have been water-tight, the lining 
even resisting the heat of the sun when covered with water. She had both stone and earthen vessels in which to boil water and cook, if desired. To procure seal-blubber, she could kill the seals with a club, when on land, sunning themselves, or snare them 
w
ith her sinew ropes. She obtained fire by rubbing two dry sticks together. One of them, partly flat, had a groove along its entire length ; the other was pointed and fitted into the groove, in which it was rubbed rapidly backyard and forward until it burn
ed. {\*\atrfstart 452977813}
As usual, a storm compelled the party to leave the island, and, embarking with their island queen, they soon found themselves at sea in a storm. She made signs that she could stop the storm, and obtaining permission, knelt on the deck faing the quarter 
whence the wind came, and commenced muttering something supposed to be a prayer. {\*\atrfstart 452977814}
She soon got up, and continued the prayer at intervals during the day, apparently without fear; and when the wind began to abate, she turned to her fellow voyagers, and, With a smile, made signs that her prayers had been answered}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 
\ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid9590258 {\*\atrfend 452977814}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 452977814}{\*\atndate -953617631}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid9590258 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9590258 Signs easily interpreted}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5250016 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid9590258 {\*\atrfend 452977813}{\*\atnid SS}
{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 452977813}{\*\atndate -953617632}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid9590258 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9590258 Indian Queen}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5250016 
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 452977815}
When they came in sight of Santa Cruz Island, off this coast, she told them by signs what it was, and indicated how she had seen from her island ships pass up and down, but never land, and how, the day previous to her discovery, she had seen the Nidever p
arty pass to the head of the island. She was afraid to make hersdf known until she knew that there was no danger to her person. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid14968565 {\*\atrfend 452977815}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}
\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 452977815}{\*\atndate -1490579443}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid14968565 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid14968565 Sings easily interpreted}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5250016 
There were many places of concealment on the island, and unless taken unawares, she would have been hard to find. 
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 452977816}As she was about to land at Santa Barbara an ox-team passed, which so delighted her that she talked, laughed, danced and gesticulated ; and before that excitement ended, a man on horseback approached, which gave her 
even more pleasure than the ox-team. At first it was supposed that she thought the man and horse constituted one animal; but if so, the mistake was soon corrected; for, on landing, she went up to the horse and carefully examined it. The examination gave h
e
r additional pleasure. She would turn to her late companions and laughingly request them to look at the beast. She straddled the thumb of the left hand by the index and middle fingers of the right, and moved them to represent the horse and rider as they p
assed along the beach. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid9590258 {\*\atrfend 452977816}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 452977816}{\*\atndate -953617630}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid9590258 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9590258 Noble Savage}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5250016 
She was taken to the house of Mr. Nidever, where she became the centre of attraction. The Mission Fathers took a great interest in her(--)sending to Los Angeles and other places, hoping to find 
some one who understood her dialect, but failed. Even the Pepimaros Indians, who were said to have had an acquaintance with the Indians on the island, could not understand her. The family of Mr. N became very much attached to her, and although the captain
 of the brig <i>Fremont</i> offered hugely for the privilege of taking her to San Francisco and placing her on exhibition, it was refused. Also an offer of a thousand dollars from another party for a like purpose was refused. {\*\atrfstart 452977817}
Many people called on her and s
he received them kindly ; but the afternoon was her favorite time for receiving calls, when she would put on her shag-skin dress and entertain her callers with a song and a dance. She cared nothing for money(--)giving it to the children when given to her.
 
She did not wish to sleep in a bed ; and when in bed, did not desire bed-covering ; but was careful not to expose her person. Her manners were not rude, and in many things she was more refined than many who enjoy civilized privileges ; yet in many things 
she was very much like a child. She wanted everything which she saw that appeared pleasant to the eye, or seemed good to the taste ; and if fruit was withheld from her she would plead for it in such a childlike manner that it was hard to refuse her. }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid9590258 {\*\atrfend 452977817}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 452977817}{\*\atndate -953617629}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid9590258 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9590258 Noble Savage}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5250016 
When found, she was in excellent physical condition, strong and active ; but the eating of fruit and vegetables brought on a diarrhea or dysentery in about three weeks after she landed ; and that, in connection with an inju
ry to the spine, received by falling from a porch, terminated her life four weeks later, or seven weeks from the time she landed. During her sickness she reluctantly permitted her kind hostess to dress her in flannel underclothes, and took her bed under p
r
oper covering ; but positively refused to return to her former plain diet, as was proposed by some of those who called to see her. Her dress of shag-skins, basket and trinkets were given to Father Gonzales, of the Mission, who, it is said, sent them to Ro
me.
\par 
\par Statistics in civilized life show a greater longevity in the marital and social relations than in celibacy and the life of the recluse ; but here is one who had attained the age of fifty years with a physique indicating that a period in the future migh
t be reached equal to that of the past, that for eighteen years had been absolutely alone. With the exception of the sickness imediately after her desertion, she reported no illness during the time of her exile. She appeared to enjoy perfect health, with 
n
o failure of any of the bodily functiOns, excepting that of sight, which may have been either hypermetropic or presbyopic ; if the former, most likely it waS congenital ; if the latter, it may have been hastened by the little use made of the power of acco
m
modation for near objects(--)she daily cultivvating the power of distant vision, in commanding a view of the island and looking seaward. The extremes of heat and cold are unknown on the islands off this coast ; frost is seldom seen in the winter, and the 
h
eat of summer is not oppressive, owing to the ocean winds, which give a most equable climate the year round, favorable to an outdoor life. During the rainy season she probably took shelter in a cave, or under shelving rocks, as found upon the island ; but
 
be that as it may, the vicissitudes of the weather did not appear to affect her unpleasantly. Her outdoor life gave a digestion equal to the use of the seal blubber, and her supply of the small variety of vegetables assisted in nourishing her without dera
nging the secretiOns. {\*\atrfstart 452977818}
On this island, estimated at fourteen miles in length and averaging about four in width, its highest elevation being not more than six hundred feet above' sea level, but sparsely timbered, with its rocks, sandy plains and limited veget
ation, clear spring water, which invited repeated ablutions, with no roof to intercept the welcome rays of the sun, our <i>Female Crusoe</i> possessed and used the means conducive to a long  life. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid13771830 {\*\atrfend 452977818}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 452977818}{\*\atndate -1490579438}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid13771830 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13771830 Girl Crusoe}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5250016 {\*\atrfstart 452977819}But the change from
 such a life to one of more luxury and indolence soon demanded the penalty of the violated laws of health(--)<i>sickness</i> and <i>death</i>!}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid13771830 {\*\atrfend 452977819}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor 
Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 452977819}{\*\atndate -1490579438}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid13771830 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9590258 Noble Savage; }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13771830 Vanishing Indian}}}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13448032 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021005a83f202b30600004f1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec59cf6fdb3614be0fd8ff20e8eefa9724db419dc296ed666bd216b5dba147daa62d369464887452a32830b4c701038675c30e2bb0db
0ec3b6022db04bf7d764ebb075c0fe853d52b24cdaf49206390443938b457deff1e37be4f748f1eab58721b58e70c2481c35edf295926de168148f49346dda77
07bd42ddb61847d118d138c24d7b81997d6df7c30faea21d1ee0105b601fb11dd4b403ce673bc5221b41336257e2198ee0dd244e42c4e1319916c7093a06bf21
2d564a25af182212d9568442707b6b3221236c0d844b7b77e9bc4be131e24c348c68d217aeb16621b1e3c3b240b005f369621d21dab4a19f717c3cc00fb96d51
c438bc68da25f9671777af16d14e6644f9165bc5ae27ff32bbcc607c58917d26d361dea9e3b88ed7cafd4b00e59bb86eadeb75bddc9f04a0d108469a72517dba
ed46bbe366580594fe34f8eed43ad5b28657fc573738b75cf1afe12528f5ef6ce07b3d1fa2a8e12528c5bb1b78c7a9557c47c34b508af736f0b552abe3d434bc
04059444871be892eb55fde56873c824a67b4678c3757ab54ae67c8582d990cf2ed1c5248ef8b6b916a20771d203800052c44964f1c50c4fd00866b18f281926
c4da27d3808b6ed00e46cafbb469c4369a448f161b2564c69bf6c73304eb62e5f59fd73ffef3faa575f2e4d5c9935f4e9e3e3d79f273ea48b3da43d154b57afb
fd177f3fffd4faebe5776f9f7d65c63315fffb4f9ffdf6eb9766202ca2159d375fbff8e3d58b37df7cfee70fcf0cf05682862a7c4042ccac9bf8d8ba13873030
19159d391e26ef66310810512d5ad194a108895e0cfebb3cd0d03717882203ae8df508de4b40444cc0ebf3071ae17e90cc393178bc11841af0208e693b4e8c51
b821fa52c23c98475373e7c95cc5dd41e8c8d4b78f222dbfddf90cd493985cfa01d668dea628e2688a23cc2df12e3ec4d830bafb8468713d20a32466f1845bf7
89d546c4189201196ab36965b44742c8cbc24410f2adc5e6e09ed58ea969d41d7ca4236155206a203fc0540be37534e72834b91ca090aa01df473c3091ec2f92
918aeb320e999e621a5bdd3166cc64732b81f12a49bf0102624efb015d843a32e1e4d0e4731fc5b18aecc4877e80c29909db2751a0623f6287304591753be626
f841acaf10f10c7940d1d674df23584bf7e96a7017b453a5b49a20e2cd3c31e4f23a8eb5f9db5fd009c2526a40da35c50e4974aa7ca73d5c9c708354bef9f6b9
81f76595ec56428c6b666f4da8b7e1d6e5d98f9331b9fceadc41f3e8368605b159a2de8bf37b71b6fff7e2bc6d3d5fbc24af5418045a6c06d3edb6dc7c875bf7
de1342699f2f28de6772fbcda0f68c7bd028ece4b913e767b159003fc54a860e34dc3441d2c64a62fe09e1413f4033d8ba976de164ca32d75366cd62064746d9
6cf42df0741e1ec4e3f4c8592e8be3652a1e0cf1557bc9cddbe1b8c053b4575b1da372f792ed541e77970484edbb90503ad349540d246acb46112479b886a019
48c8915d088b8681455db85fa66a830550cbb3029b230bb6544ddb75c0048ce0cc84281e8b3ca5a95e665726f32233bd2d98da0c28c1778d6c06ac32dd105cb7
0e4f8c2e9d6a67c8b44642996e3a09191959c35880c6389b9da2f52c34de35d78d554a357a2214592c141ab5fa7fb1386faec16e5d1b68a42a058dace3a6ed55
5d983223346bda1338bac3cf70067387894d2da253f8fe35e249bae0cfa32cb384f10e62411a70293aa91a8484e3c4a2246cda62f8791a68243544722b574010
2e2db906c8ca65230749d7938c27133ce26ada951611e9f411143ed50ae35b697e7eb0b08ce790ee7e303eb686749edc4130c5dc5a5904704c187cdf29a7d11c
13f824990bd96afead15a64c76d56f82720ea5ed88ce0294551455cc53b894f29c8e7cca63a03c656386802a21c90ae1702a0aac1a54ad9ae65523e5b0b5ea9e
6e2422a788e6aa666aaa22aaa659c5b41e9665602d96e72bf20aab6588a15caa153e95ee75c96d2cb56e6d9f90570908781e3f43d53d434150a8ad3ad3a809c6
9b322c343b6bd56bc77280a7503b4b915054df5bba5d8b5b5e238cdd41e3b92a3fd8adcf5a689a2cf79532d2f2ee42bd5e88870f403c3af021774e3993a984cb
8304c186a82ff724a96cc01279c8b3a501bfac79429af6a392db72fc8aeb174a75b75b70aa4ea950775bd542cb75abe5ae5b2e75da95c75058781096ddf4dea4
071f9be822bb3d91ed1b3728e1f27bda95511c166379435294c4e50d4ab9b2fd06c522203a8fbc4aaf516db4bd42a3daea159c4ebb5e68f85ebbd0f1fc5aa7d7
f1dd7aa3f7d8b68e24d869557dc7ebd60b5ed9f70b8e5712f4eb8d42cda9545a4ead55ef3aadc7d93606469eca47160b08afe4b5fb2f000000ffff0300504b03
04140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e7265
6c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae99571
9ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f1
9b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d001400
0600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014
000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d001400060008000000
21006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b0102
2d00140006000800000021005a83f202b30600004f1a00001600000000000000000000000000d60200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c
504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000bd0900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000b80a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e30000000000000000000000e0000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff0900060000000000000000000000010000000100000000000000001000000200000001000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdffffff04000000feffffff05000000fefffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffff010000000c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e50000000000000000000000009011
38c20cc0d1010300000080020000000000004d0073006f004400610074006100530074006f0072006500000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001a000101ffffffffffffffff020000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000901138c20cc0d101
901138c20cc0d101000000000000000000000000cd003200550033004f005600cd003200db0045005300c900c600cd00c90046004d004f00d1005a003000c0003d003d000000000000000000000000000000000032000101ffffffffffffffff030000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000901138c20cc0
d101901138c20cc0d1010000000000000000000000004900740065006d0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000a000201ffffffff04000000ffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000fc00000000000000010000000200000003000000feffffff0500000006000000070000000800000009000000feffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff3c623a536f75726365732053656c65637465645374796c653d225c415041536978746845646974696f6e4f66666963654f6e6c696e652e78736c22205374796c654e616d653d22415041222056657273696f6e3d22362220786d6c6e733a
623d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f6f6666696365446f63756d656e742f323030362f6269626c696f6772617068792220786d6c6e733d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f6f6666696365446f63756d656e74
2f323030362f6269626c696f677261706879223e3c2f623a536f75726365733e000000003c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d226e6f223f3e0d0a3c64733a6461746173746f72654974656d2064733a6974656d49443d227b33393144
433542352d354335422d343445432d413939412d4441343533304543353936417d2220786d6c6e733a64733d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f6f6666696365446f63756d656e742f323030362f637573746f6d586d6c223e3c64733a736368656d61526566733e3c
64733a736368656d615265662064733a7572693d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e500072006f007000650072007400690065007300000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000200ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000400000055010000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f6f6666696365446f63756d656e742f323030362f6269626c696f677261706879222f3e3c2f64733a736368656d61526566733e3c2f64733a6461746173746f
72654974656d3e0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}