{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch31506\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f37\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Segoe UI;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f411\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f412\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f414\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f415\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f418\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f419\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}
{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Segoe UI CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Segoe UI Cyr;}{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Segoe UI Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Segoe UI Tur;}
{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Segoe UI (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Segoe UI (Arabic);}{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Segoe UI Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Segoe UI (Vietnamese);}
{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}
{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}
{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\dbch\af31506 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 \styrsid15226327 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \sqformat Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs16 \sbasedon10 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid2963646 annotation reference;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 \slink17 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid2963646 annotation text;}{\*\cs17 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20 
\sbasedon10 \slink16 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid2963646 Comment Text Char;}{\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon16 \snext16 \slink19 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid2963646 annotation subject;}{\*\cs19 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs20 
\sbasedon17 \slink18 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid2963646 Comment Subject Char;}{\s20\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs18\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f39\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext20 \slink21 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid2963646 Balloon Text;}{\*\cs21 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs18 
\sbasedon10 \slink20 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid2963646 Balloon Text Char;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1978343\rsid2963646\rsid3477422\rsid4801126\rsid13132762\rsid13448032\rsid15226327\rsid16145937}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0
\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\author Sara Schwebel}{\operator Rachel Manuszak}{\creatim\yr2015\mo5\dy17\hr23\min12}{\revtim\yr2015\mo5\dy17\hr23\min12}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages19}{\nofwords7332}
{\nofchars41794}{\nofcharsws49028}{\vern32775}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves1\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont1\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen
\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale130\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot13132762\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit\usenormstyforlist\noindnmbrts\felnbrelev\nocxsptable\indrlsweleven\noafcnsttbl\afelev\utinl\hwelev\spltpgpar\notcvasp\notbrkcnstfrctbl\notvatxbx\krnprsnet\cachedcolbal \nouicompat \fet0
{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\nofeaturethrottle1\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sectrsid15226327\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13132762 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13132762 THE LONE WOMAN OF SAN NICOLAS
\par 
\par AN EVALUATION OF THE BIBLIOGRAPHY WITH DISCUSSION OF THE HISTORICAL EVENTS
\par 
\par Juana Mar\'eda, an Indian woman, was "accidentally" left to her fate for eighteen years on the island of San Nicolas in 1835. The other remaining 
native inhabitants were removed to the mainland in 1835 on the <emph>Peor es Nada</emph>, Better-than-Nothing. No one seems to know exactly who instigated the removal.
\par 
\par Isaac Sparks had chartered the boat at Monterey, and with his group had gone otter-hunt
ing in Lower California just prior to the tragedy. The accidental incident was apparently common knowledge, but not much attention was paid to this mother's plight by those responsible or capable of helping her.
\par 
\par The reason given for the hunters leaving the island so abruptly was that the day was increasing in storminess and there was fear of total disaster at sea. {\*\atrfstart 419667646}
Perhaps the otter-hunters had intended to return for this poor soul, who had swum to shore in order to pick up her baby left in the hills}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid2963646 {\*\atrfend 419667646}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor 
Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 419667646}{\*\atndate 120157158}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid2963646 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2963646 Jump overboard}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13132762 . 
And besides, what was one or two Indian lives, as compared to the quest for quick profit.
\par 
\par No one will ever know exactly what happened on that fateful day or for the next eighteen years of the woman's life. In 1853 Nidever and Dittmann accomplished the mis
sion of finding her and taking her to Santa Barbara, where she lived with the Nidever family until her death. By 1853, however, the Lone Woman was unable to communicate, and died shortly thereafter, probably from her inability to tolerate a change of diet
.
\par 
\par We are left with any number of accounts, some quite fragmentary. The first complete reference did not find its way into print until three years after the Lone Woman was finally 'rescued' in 1853. This story came through Russell, "Narrative of a Woman who
 was Eighteen Years Alone upon the Island of San Nicolas, Coast of California," published by <emph>Hutchings' California Magazine</emph> [P27, 1856].
\par 
\par Russell's account was obtained from Nidever while they were both on the island of San Miguel, each pursui
ng his own business. It was even twenty-five years after the woman's rescue by Nidever and Dittmann that their separate interviews were recorded by Murray in 1878.
\par 
\par The following information presented to the reader is not a repetition of the story, but rat
her a discussion of the literature on the subject. Such literature is sometimes contradictory in detail; but throughout the material the main threads of the incident remain intact. There will probably never be a completely accurate rendition of the Lone W
oman story.
\par 
\par The reader is left to seek recommended references for a fuller accounting than given within these pages, or choose to glean from these evaluated references what was under discussion during that period of time. A chart at the end of the discussi
on is included; it should be helpful to the reader in identifying the various personalities involved.
\par 
\par Readers will do well to obtain the manuscripts of Nidever and Dittmann for their basics on the Juana Mar\'eda tale. These may be obtained through the Bancro
ft Library. Excerpts from such, as well as a compilation of the literature through Heizer and Elsasser [UJ3, 1961], are within comparatively easy access. Ellison [B51, 1937], contains the story of Nidever's life, and is another fine source for the Lone Wo
man.
\par 
\par Only one other recommended-for-reading account of the Lone Woman is Hardacre's "Eighteen Years Alone," published by <emph>Scribner's Monthly</emph> [P123, 1880]. The rest of the literature, although possibly furnishing some insights, are fragmentary o
r emersed in fanciful remarks that obscure the real story, and are therefore more questionable. However, they should be considered in the literature on the Lone Woman.
\par 
\par The author begins with the older references starting with the year 1893, which are basically the least acceptable, and moves toward the two manuscripts on Nidever and Dittmann, taken by E. F. Murray in 1878, the only first person accounts available.

\par 
\par Beginning with Gibbons' account, "The Wild Woman of San Nicolas Island" [P15, 1893], we find some unreliability, thus creating skepticism of his article. Gibbons said that the reason the story
\par 
\par can
 be so given now is due to the zeal and the thoughtfulness of Mr. D. W. Thompson, one of the fathers of the City of Flowers, and to him we are indebted for a decidedly curious page of history. In 1882 Mr. D. W. Thompson, accompanied by a shorthand reporte
r [unnamed], sought out those principal actors&#8212;the venerable pioneers George Nidever and Charlie Brown&#8212;and by elaborate questioning obtained full particulars connected with the unfortunate woman's career.
\par 
\par Gibbons' article was in no-less-than C.
 F. Holder's <emph>Californian Illustrated</emph>, 1893. Usually Holder can be relied upon for quality, with a little flair, but this article is less than satisfactory; a mixture of fanciful quotes and statements; it ended with,
\par 
\par not until her very nature was so changed that she had become contented with her lot and had ceased her cry of "Manequauna" to the passing ships, were any measures taken to remove her from her rocky isle. Then they carried her off, unfortunate Juana Mar
\'eda Better-than-Nothing! {\*\atrfstart 419667647}White men made her suffer. She lost her babe or babies; she lost her family; she lost the knowledge of her language; and at last, poisoned by the luxuries of a more civilized race, she lost her life}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid2963646 {\*\atrfend 419667647}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 419667647}{\*\atndate 120157162}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid2963646 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2963646 Vanishing Indians}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13132762 .
\par 
\par This quotation alone gives Gibbons' article value in the literature on that poor soul, a human being, left by otter-hunters and others to her fate.
\par 
\par Herein follows a discussion of some of the little known local history for that period, which includes the name of D. W. Thompson, and others.
\par 
\par We are faced with the 
fact that we know nothing about Gibbons' source information, D. W. Thompson and the shorthand reporter, 1882. Was Thompson, for instance, Dixie [Dixey] Wildes Thompson, the nephew of Alpheus B. Thompson? This appears conceivable. Alpheus had been assured 
half-ownership of Santa Rosa Island through his father-in-law, Carlos Carrillo.
\par 
\par A Captain Dixey Wildes owned the <emph>Paragon</emph>, built in Massachusetts in 1815, with the <emph>Paragon</emph> doing business in sandalwood in the Sandwich Islands&#8212;
as did the Winship brothers and Captain William Heath Davis, Sr. [See Gast, <emph>Contentious Consul, A Biography of John Coffin Jones</emph>, 1976.]
\par 
\par It was the <emph>Paragon</emph> of Marshall and Wildes that took John Coffin Jones to the Sandwich Island
s in 1821, where Jones served as the business representative for the maritime merchantile merchants of that company. Jones also 'informally,' but directly, served as the representative for the United States as Consul.
\par 
\par It was Marshall and Wildes who made Alpheus B. Thompson a subordinate to John Coffin Jones, to serve as supercargo on several of the firm's vessels. Alpheus was being sponsored by his uncle, Captain Dixey Wildes [Gast].
\par 
\par In the meantime Alpheus moved to Santa Barbara and in the year 1834 Dixi
e Wildes Thompson began his career in Santa Barbara by working for his uncle, Alpheus B. Thompson, on the island of Santa Rosa [B53]. For such purposes Dixie Thompson had purchased the steamship, <emph>Sophia</emph>.
\par 
\par This Thompson, D. W., was one of those
 who later laid a claim against J. C. Jones in the A. B. Thompson/J. C. Jones litigation suit, as did Luis Burton&#8212;only to find that such financial obligation for the care of livestock on the island was the obligation of A. B. Thompson, not that of J
. C. Jones. Such are the ramifications of this period of history [Gast].
\par 
\par To keep the topic of D. W. Thompson completely unclear, we are given the information by Woodward [J367, 1938], that in his Southwest Museum researches he discovered an unpublished int
erview of George Nidever, made by a J. Terry in 1882. F. W. Hodge was Director of the Southwest Museum at the time that Woodward was doing some of his research on the Lone Woman.
\par 
\par Although this interview reference does not appear to have been used, could this J. Terry be the unnamed reporter connected with D. W. Thompson in 1882, and from whom Gibbons obtained his information?
\par 
\par Another article of questionable value is Stephen Bowers' 1892 account of "The Lone Woman of San Nicolas" [M27]. It was DeMoss
 Bowers, son of Stephen, who wrote to Dr. Alliot of the Southwest Museum in 1916, to remind Dr. Alliot that his father, Stephen, had sent his personal material on the Lone Woman to the museum.
\par 
\par Bowers' pamphlet is a reprint from the Ventura <emph>Weekly Ob
server<emph> under the dates of December 9, 16, and 20 of 1892 [M95]. Dr. Bowers was the editor of the <emph>Weekly Observer</emph>, having come West in 1869, living in the Santa Barbara/Ventura area between 1894 and 1906; deceased, 1907.
\par 
\par What is really important is a statement made by Rev. Bowers that
\par 
\par The account may also be found in the archives of the Santa Barbara Mission preserved by the Mission fathers. We secured a translation of their record of the event by a competent Spanish Scholar some fifteen years ago.
\par 
\par Although this mission record has not come to light, should we use Bowers' date of 1878, it would place this particular translation obtained from the Mission at about the same time as the E. F. Murray manuscripts on Nidever and Dittmann. In fac
t, the Mission story, if it does exist or were ever to be found, might contain many statements of fact on material that we do not presently possess.
\par 
\par We can short-circuit the Thompson and West account [B70, 1883], found in Chapter 17 of the book. According
 to the compilers of the book on the history of Santa Barbara and Ventura Counties, it was Dr. Dimmick, who came to Santa Barbara as a physician in 1872, who furnished the notes for their "The Lost Woman" story. The result is a combination of first and th
ird person accounting.
\par 
\par Interestingly enough, Mrs. Emma Chamberlin Hardacre arrived in Santa Barbara in 1876, four years after Dr. Dimmick's arrival. In her account of the Lone Woman, as well as in Dimmick's, there are four Indian words given&#8212;"hide," 
"man," "sky," and "body." This could mean that one of their sources may have been the same, or that one could have used the material of the other.
\par 
\par Even though Mrs. Hardacre's "Eighteen Years Alone" is completely third person, her story is insightful. For 
comprehensive reading, no secondary account comes close to hers [P123, 1880]. With some drama, and perhaps a few misstatements, the account has real merit; she had interviewed Jeffries, Nidever, Dittmann, and others.
\par 
\par Nothing new is added through the <emph
>Pioneer</emph>, "Left Alone on a Desert Island for Eighteen Years; California's Feminine Crusoe" [M84]. Furthermore, the date of publication, 1879, for this newspaper account, is too far removed from the actual occurrences to be of much value.
\par 
\par But both t
he title and the ending of Russell's account [P27, 1856], to be discussed later, leads one to feel that his material had been read by the <emph>San Francisco Chronicle</emph>&#8212;the <emph>Pioneer</emph> having obtained its writeup from the <emph>Chroni
cle</emph>, according to the <emph>Pioneer</emph>, 1879. Hardacre's title also carries some of the same words and might reflect that she, too, had read Russell.
\par 
\par We have been moving backward from 1893 to 1878, at which time the E. F. Murray reporting of interviews of Carl Dittmann and George Nidever surrounding the Lone Woman took place.
\par 
\par Ellison [B51, 1937], gives credit to the Bancroft Library for use of these two documents. He also states that his footnote material came from the <emph>Pacific Historical R
eview</emph>, and that his source for other material came from Dr. George Hammond and Vol. II of <emph>New Spain and the Anglo-American West</emph>. Thus we have some of the best thinking of this period.
\par 
\par At this point we reach a second detour in order to 
see the relationship of the various pieces of literature on the Lone Woman story and the historical events of that period. This refers specifically to Ellison [B51, 1937], Richard Henry Dana [B15, 1835], H. H. Bancroft [B1, 1885), T. H. Hittell [B35, 1898
], and others.
\par 
\par It was Ellison who stated that E. F. Murray was an assistant to H. H. Bancroft. Murray had been recommended by Judge Benjamin Hayes, friend of J. J. Warner [M96], to take the dictation from Dittmann and Nidever about the Lone Woman. Murray h
ad taken such a type of dictation from many of the old residents of the area.
\par 
\par Three footnotes in Ellison are of interest. In footnote #1, readers are reminded that "John" Nidever was an uncle to young Nidever
. But readers, at the same time, must be wary of the use of three given names for George Nidever. Both Dr. Stephen Bowers and Dr. Dimmick called George Nidever by the name of "John."
\par 
\par In <emph>Masterkey</emph>, Vol. 53, #4, we learn that Harrington referre
d to Nidever as "Jacob." Elsewhere, we are given the impression that the younger Captain George Nidever was a "Junior," which is apparently true [BS6]. The other son's name, however, was "Jacob," or "Jake" [J282, 1930].
\par 
\par Footnote #87 states that A. B. Thompson was supercargo between 1831-1834 and up to 1838. He was also a shipbuilder. {\*\atrfstart 419667648}
This brings up Nidever's statement that "For many years after the loss of the 'Peor es Nada,' the only craft on the coast were small boats to which the long distance and rough sea of the outer rim of the Channel would render a trip extremely dangerous." }
{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid16145937 {\*\atrfend 419667648}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 419667648}{\*\atndate 120157170}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid16145937 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16145937 No boat available}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13132762 
Yet statements of the known craft plying between the Sandwich Islands and our west coast, and the amount of otter hunting in the region of the Channel Islands gives lie to Ni
dever's statement. Even Wm. G. Dana owned the schooner <emph>Santa Barbara</emph>, said Bancroft, Vol. II. Indeed, Nidever was being generous, if not evasive.
\par 
\par Take, for instance, Richard Henry Dana's comments on this subject [B15], for the year 1835,
\par 
\par The
 second day after our arrival, a full-rigged brig came round the point from the northward, sailed leisurely through the bay, and stood off again for the south-east, in the direction of the large island of Catalina. The next day the <emph>Avon</emph> got u
n
der weigh, and stood in the same direction, bound for San Pedro. This might do for marines and Californians, but we knew the ropes too well. The brig was never again seen on the coast, and the <emph>Avon</emph> arrived at San Pedro in about a week, with a
 full cargo of Canton and American goods.
\par 
\par This was one of the means of escaping the heavy duties the Mexican lay upon all imports. A vessel comes on the coast, enters a moderate cargo at Monterey, which is the only customhouse, and commences trading. In a 
month or more, having sold a large part of her cargo, she stretches over to Catalina, or other of the large uninhabited islands which lie off the coast, in a trip from port to port, and supplies herself with choice goods from a vessel from Oahu, which has
 been lying off and on the islands, waiting for her. Two days after the sailing of the <emph>Avon</emph>, the lorriott [sic] came in from the leeward, and without doubt had also a snatch at the brig's cargo . . .
\par 
\par John Coffin Jones owned both the <emph>Avon</emph> and the <emph>Loriot</emph>, perhaps even the unnamed Hawaiian brig, using Santa Catalina and "other of the large uninhabited islands which lie off the coast."
\par 
\par These statements lead to another footnote, #97, on the subject of <emph>Peor es Nada</emph>. It is said that the craft was twenty-ton, built in Monterey by Joaquin Gomez, and was launched on August 30, 1834 with Captain Hubbard in charge [B51].
\par 
\par Charlie Hubbard was German and a naturalized Mexican, who had come to California in the early '30s. In charge of the <emph>Peor es Nada</emph>, Sparks and Burton and others chartered it through Hubbard, going to Lower California in October of 1834.
\par 
\par Contained in the same footnote is the statement that John C. Jones chartered <Emph>Peor es Nada</emph> 
during March of 1835 for the return trip from Lower California. Storke [B69, 1891], also remarked that the <emph>Peor es Nada</emph> "returned in March under John Coffin." This can only mean that Jones was involved with this first round trip&#8212;and cou
ld have been throughout this period of time.
\par 
\par The other sailing date for the ill-fated <emph>Peor es Nada</emph> was when "someone" took it back to Lower California in the "Autumn." And as Mrs. Storke put it, the <emph>Peor es Nada</emph> "returned in March
 under John Coffin, and made a second trip in the autumn."
\par 
\par This makes for an interval of time, between March and August, that is unaccounted for, in terms of what the men, Jones, Sparks, Isaac Williams, Burton, Francis D. Dye, Captain Marcus Harlow, <emph
>et al</emph>, were doing with the <emph>Peor es Nada</emph>. Just otter hunting?
\par 
\par If the Indians on San Nicolas were picked up, and the Lone Woman left behind in August of 1835, this was done between the two trips to Lower California, not on one of them; March is in Spring and Autumn does not include August.
\par 
\par It was during September of 1835, after returning from Lower California and after Nidever and the Black Steward had been picked up at Santa Barbara for their trip to Santa Rosa Island, that Sparks told Nidever of the Indian woman's abandonment.
\par 
\par With a load of lumber on board, the <emph>Peor es Nada</emph> continued its trip but capsized in San Francisco Bay, and nothing more was heard of her, but the Lone Woman story lingers on and on.
\par 
\par Nidever and 
Dittmann gave their interviews to Murray in 1878, long after Isaac Williams of Los Angeles had died, 1856; Robbins, likewise, in 1857, Wm. G. Dana in 1858, Isaac Sparks in 1867, J. C. Jones in 1861, and A. B. Thompson in 1869. This left only Burton, Nidev
er, and Dittmann as the living characters in Santa Barbara for this drama. Burton passed away in 1880 and Nidever in 1883.
\par 
\par Hubert Bancroft [B1, Vol. II], spells out some of the rudiments of Dittmann's life:
\par 
\par Dittmann (Carl), came to California in 1844, Ger
man sailor, known in Cal. as Charley Brown, who came on the <emph>Euphemia</emph>, engaged in otter-hunting with Nidever and others, an occupation interrupted by mining in '48-50. Sta. B. was his home town to '78, when he dictated for me his <emph>Narrati
ve of a Seafaring Life<emph>, an interesting record of many adventures . . .
\par 
\par According to Hittell [B35], another historian of early California, Carl Dittmann was born in Prussia in 1822 and came to California in 1844. He was thirty-one years of age, as com
pared to Nidever's fifty-one years, when they went to San Nicolas to search for the Lone Woman. Dittmann used an alias (Charlie Brown), had been a deserter from an American whaler, and from Santa Barbara pursued the trade of an otter hunter.
\par 
\par It is hard to resist repeating some of the first hand, vivid material that comes to us. From Mrs. Brown, sister of Carl Dittmann, is this heart-string-pulling tale of a baby otter,
\par 
\par I have an otter skin which is fifty-seven years old. It was one of the last taken by my
 only brother, Charley Dittmann, who was hunting with Capt. George Nidever and his son, young George, in the waters of Lower California in 1865. He shot the mother otter and she had this baby in her arms.
\par 
\par She dropped it and as it was drowning my brother killed it. "See," said Mrs. Brown, displaying the skin, "how fine and glossy the fur still is. I have kept it wrapped up for a long time" [B56].
\par 
\par We refer again to H. H. Bancroft for another capsulated briefing, this time on Nidever:
\par 
\par Nidever (Geo.) came to
 California in 1833 . . . In '41 he married Sinforosa Sanchez, . . . piloted the U. S. coast survey craft in a survey of the Sta. B. islands '50; in '53 rescued the famous old Ind. woman of S. Nicolas Isl.; and about the same time bought an interest in S.
 
Miguel Isl., where he raised stock for 17 years, and though wellnigh ruined by the drought of '63-64, sold out in '70 for $10,000. In '78 . . . at the age of 76 . . . gave me a long and most valuable narrative of his <emph>Life and Adventures</emph> . . .
 He died in '83. A brother John, who died at Sta. B. in '73 is sometimes said to have come with Geo. but I think he came after '48. Another brother, Mark, was killed by the Ind. before reaching Cal.
\par 
\par The Santa Barbara Deed Book H tells us that Nidever and his two sons sold their interest on San Miguel to Hiram W. Mills for $5,000.00. This transaction carried the date of May 8, 1867.
\par 
\par Nidever hunted otter, beginning his career in California with George Yount around San Francisco Bay. In 1835, and for about tw
o years after, he was hunting otter under the Wm. G. Dana license, "Capt. Denny's." On other occasions he worked for A. B. Thompson.
\par 
\par It is stated in Ellison that Nidever purchased a schooner in San Francisco in 1850; Nidever uses the date of 1852 for that
 purchase. Nonetheless, by 1850 Nidever had an adobe hut on San Miguel Island and had stocked the island with sheep. It was probably on one of his trips to San Miguel to care for his business that he and Capt. Russell met, camped together, and discussed t
he Woman and how she had been abandoned on San Nicolas.
\par 
\par As we move away from 1878 toward the earlier period, we find in <emph>Overland Monthly</emph>, 1872 [P79], Josephine Walcott's "Hona Mar\'eda." Without too much to recommend "Hona Mar\'eda" Walcott is, neve
rtheless, imaginative and understanding when she says,
\par 
\par The effect of long seclusion upon her mind so crude and undeveloped, can not
 be conjectured. In her solitary abode she knew the ways of the birds of the air and fishes of the sea, and fashioned nets to capture them, which, with seals and roots, furnished her sustenance.
\par 
\par Now we turn to the earliest of records, 1841, and move toward the date of 1856 and C. J. W Russell who wrote the first complete story about the Lone Woman which was after her death in 1853.
\par 
\par We find for 1841, Phelps' "Logbook of the Alert," [UJ3]. It may be recalled that Richard Henry Dana returned to the East on the <emph>Alert</emph>, a sailing vessel belonging to Bryant and Sturgis, mercantile businessmen.
\par 
\par In the one paragraph that comes out of the Logbook bearing on the San Nicolas Island drama, we are told that Capt. Thomas Robbins called at the island with his 'vessel' in order to pick up the remaining inhabitants of the island.
\par 
\par This is the only mention of Robbins in any of the literature pertaining to the Lone Woman. A direct command from Robbins seems unlikely, for Sparks was supposedly working under the Dana license, not a Robbins license.
\par 
\par Actually, all five of Carlos Carrillo's sons-in-law or to-be-sons-in-law, were in the otter hunting business, some with licenses, with others doing illicit hunting and contraband trading. Since in business, "profit" was 
the name of the game, and the Indians on San Nicolas Island were seemingly the only Indian inhabitants left on the Channel Islands, could their presence have been an impediment to the smuggling business, for instance?
\par 
\par Dawson's <emph>Memoirs</emph> [B17, 1
841], is well worth the reading, if for no other reason than to learn of Dawson's concern for his horse near starvation. It was James Alexander Forbes, English Consul from Mexico, who saved the day for the horse and Dawson's feelings about it, by caring f
or the creature.
\par 
\par In the little book Dawson speaks of his, Sparks, Nydever [sic], Dye, and Simmons having gone into partnership with A. B. Thompson for otter hunting. If Thompson was conducting business on a legal basis or not, it is not mentioned.
\par 
\par But thr
ough Gast's <emph>Contentious Consul</emph>, we have learned that Jones and Thompson were denied hunting licenses in 1831. They decided, therefore, to do illegal business and continued such into the middle '40s, at least. Dawson said, "We . . . killed sev
eral otter . . . We searched on shore for a lone woman . . . but failed to find her, although we found her tracks."
\par 
\par The third early reference to the Lone Woman comes from the <emph>Overland Monthly</emph> under the title of "A Woman's Log of 1849." The ref
erence is given by A. Woodward [J367], and is taken from Vol. 16, 2nd series, July-Dec., 1890, pp. 273-280. A Mrs. McDougall was one of few women passengers in 1849 on the <emph>California</emph>'s first trip to San Francisco. She kept a diary, and on pag
e 275 of this article Mrs. McDougall is quoted as saying,
\par 
\par In coming to Santa Barbara we passed an island about sixty miles from the coast, on which there is a lone woman living . . . {\*\atrfstart 419667649}Some three years ago they caught her, but she was perfectly wild and had 
lost her speech, so they left her.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid4801126 {\*\atrfend 419667649}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 419667649}{\*\atndate 120157187}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid4801126 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4801126 Wild Child}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13132762 
\par 
\par Actually, when the Indian woman was taken off the island she was found to be of mild disposition and quite verbal.
\par 
\par Such material verifies the fact that knowledge concerning the abandonment was common. But some remain
ed skeptical of her continued existence, Nidever being one. In Dittman's 1878 interview with Murray he said, "Nidever . . . was not very sanguine about finding her as he had come to the conclusion that the dogs had eaten her and was very doubtful if even 
her bones could be found . . ."
\par 
\par From the <emph>Daily Democratic State Journal</emph> of Oct. 13, 1853 we find these words,
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 419667650}
The wild Indian woman who was found on the Island of San Nicolas, about seventy miles from the coast, west of Santa Barbara, is now at the latter place, and is looked upon as a curiosity. It is stated that she has been some eighteen to twenty years alone 
on the Island. She existed on shell fish and the fat of the seal, and dressed in the skins and feathers of wild ducks, which she sewed together with the sinews of the seal. She cannot speak any known language&#8212;is good-looking, and about a middle age}
{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid4801126 {\*\atrfend 419667650}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 419667650}{\*\atndate 120157189}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid4801126 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4801126 Wild child}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13132762 . She seems to be contented in her new home among the good people of Santa Barbara.
\par 
\par This publication came out six days before the Lone Woman died of dysentery, from eating fruits and vegetables to which she was unaccustomed. Dr. Brinkerhoff attended her [P123].
\par 
\par Through Woodward [J367, 1938] we are told that the <emph>Daily Alta California</emph> in 1853 carried the story in November, concerning the Lone Woman's death, by making the announcement that on the evening of Tuesday the 15th of November there wou
ld be a Ladies' Fair and Raffle in the Musical Hall on Bush Street, San Francisco.
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 419667651}. . . a great variety of curiosities will be on exhibition, some of which, from their rarity and peculiarity, will be well worth the attention of the scientific and the cur
ious. Some of the most singular objects will be disposed of by lot or raffle or as may at the time be thought proper and advisable. One of the most singular things on exhibition will be the dress of an old Indian woman who for seventeen years lived:

\par 
\par Alone, alone, all, all alone
\par 
\par Alone in the wide, wide sea&#8212;
\par 
\par And ne'er a soul took pity on,
\par 
\par <emph>Her</emph> soul in agony.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid4801126 {\*\atrfend 419667651}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 419667651}{\*\atndate 120157190}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid4801126 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4801126 Discovery}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13132762 
\par 
\par This stanza is a fitting paraphrase from Coleridge's "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner."
\par 
\par <emph>Hutchings' California Magazine</
emph> ran the first 'complete' story of the Lone Woman after she was found. Called, "Narrative of a Woman who was Eighteen Years Alone upon the Island of San Nicolas, Coast of California," it was published in November of 1856 [P27].
\par 
\par It was C. J. W. Russel
l who wrote the article, and he said that Nidever related it to him while they were on San Miguel Island. Nidever was otter hunting and tending his sheep there; Russell was doing tidal observations for the United States. The article is published in the th
ird person, not the first person.
\par 
\par Immediately, various newspapers and others published the contents of the article. Questions relating to possible errors and omissions were promptly raised. Answers were categorically offered, and it was not until June of 1
860 that the initial strength of human reaction tapered. In reality, Russell had but started further investigation, for in five ways his tale appears to be fiction and fact.
\par 
\par The San Francisco <emph>Evening Bulletin</emph> of November 25, 1856 [M69], 
recalled Capt. C. J. W. Russell's article in <emph>Hutchings' Magazine</emph>. Then the Los Angeles <emph>Star</emph> of December 13, 1856 carried the story through J. J. Warner of San Diego [M96].
\par 
\par The Honorable J. J. Warner had evidently written to the L
os Angeles <emph>Star</emph> in 1856, presenting his version of the removal of the Indians from San Nicolas [M96]. But even though the newspaper used the words, "facts herein contained," for Warner's presentation, other newspapers and persons continued to
 question some of the 'facts.'
\par 
\par Albeit, Warner's version brings us somewhat closer to the shape of the story, even though the dates, the numbers exterminated on the island in previous years, and by whom, remained in question.
\par 
\par One statement can be categorically denied; the Lone Woman when found was not "old, infirm, and decriped" and not suffering from hunger; malnutrition, no doubt. In the same vein, Putnam [N45], had called the Woman "an old hag."
\par 
\par Warner initiated the thought to the public that the decisi
on for taking the remaining Indians from the island rested with two Los Angeles residents, not with the Mission fathers. Nidever added to this thought when he said, "I am sure Williams had an interest in the matter, as he afterwards took one of the Indian
 women to live with."
\par 
\par Hugo Reid wrote for the Los Angeles <emph>Star</emph>. In fact he had written a series of twenty-four letters about the southern Indians before his death in 1853. According to Alexander S. Taylor [M51], by 1860 Reid's material had alr
eady become scarce. It is entirely possible that J. J. Warner of San Diego kept in touch with many Indian events in and around Los Angeles through Hugo Reid's material.
\par 
\par We learn from <emph>Pacific Discovery</emph> [J83, 1960], that Reid was a Scot who set
tled in California in 1835. In 1837 he married a mission-trained Indian woman named Victoria, and Reid acquired a family by adopting her children from a previous marriage.
\par 
\par A few details may be mentioned about J. J. Warner. Six-foot-three inches tall, Don Juan Jos\'e9
 Warner appeared to be an educated man. He came from Connecticut in 1831, having been born in 1807 [B58, 1939]. By 1843 Warner had asked for a license so that he could hunt otter; he had hunted the poor creatures in 1831 with George Yount. By 1844
, after having become a Mexican citizen, he was granted the Rancho Agua Caliente [B29, 1960]. In those early times his place was the first settlement to be reached by travelers coming over the desert from the Colorado River [B35, 1898]. By 1853, according
 to the <emph>Daily Democratic Journal</emph>, J. J. Warner had been elected to a San Diego judgeship.
\par 
\par Both Taylor's [UJ3] and the Sacramento <emph>Union's</emph> [M81] rehearsal of the Santa Barbara <emph>Gazette</emph> and the Los Angeles <emph>Star</emp
h> are substantially identical. The following came from the <emph>Union</emph>, as previously told by the <emph>Gazette</emph>,
\par 
\par In the year 1811, a ship owned by Boardman & Pope, of Boston, commanded by Capt. Whittemore, trading on this coast, took from t
he port of Sitka, Russian America, about thirty Kodiak Indians, a part of a hardy tribe inhabiting the Island of Kodiak, to the islands in the Santa Barbara channel, for the purpose of killing sea otter, which were then very numerous in the neighborhood o
f these islands. Capt. Whittemore, after landing the Kodiaks on the island, and placing in their hands fire arms and the necessary implements of the chase, sailed away to the coast of Lower California and South America.
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 419667652}In the absence of the ship, a disput
e arose between the Kodiaks and the natives of the islands, originating in the seizure of the females by the Kodiaks. The Kodiaks, possessing more activity, endurance and knowledge of war, and possessing superior weapons, slaughtered the males without mer
cy, old and young. On the Island of San Nicolas, not a male was spared. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid3477422 {\*\atrfend 419667652}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 419667652}
{\*\atndate 120157196}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid3477422 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3477422 Indians as savage}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13132762 
At the end of a year, Capt. Whittemore returned to the islands, took the Kodiaks on board, and carried them back to Sitka.{\*\bkmkstart _GoBack}{\*\bkmkend _GoBack}
\par 
\par This killing off of all males is in line with what the Log
book reported: two females and Black Hawk surviving. It also approximates Warner's statement of two females and two males having escaped the massacres. Neither statement is necessarily so; certainly they do not conform to Nidever's statement about Sparks 
and others having taken 17 or 18 Indians off the island in 1835.
\par 
\par And speaking of 'killing off,' Orr [B54], reminds us that there were more than 450 Northwest Indians and eighty Hawaiian hunters on the California coast between 1803 and 1811. And Adele Ogden
 [J93], said that the Russians were on San Nicolas Island for seven months in 1815. Perhaps the Pope and Boardman incident of 1811 was but one of many massacres.
\par 
\par Referring again to a later issue of <emph>Hutchings'</emph>, we note that the February 1857 article [P29], gives the <emph>Gazette</emph> credit for its addition to the 1856 <emph>Gazette</emph> story.
\par 
\par <emph>Hutchings'</emph>
 said that Captain Russell, who was from a family of whalers on the east coast [P28], went to Santa Barbara for a second meeting with Nidever. It was then that George Nidever gave to Russell a waterbottle made of grass and covered with asphaltum, a stone 
mortar, a necklace, and other things that had been made by the Lone Woman during her solidary stay on the island. The bottle and other articles were subsequently given to the California Academy of Sciences, March 30, 1857.
\par 
\par It is also through <emph>Hutching
s'</emph> that the story is first mentioned about a good-sized cave which the Lone Woman had used for shelter. It is stated, also, that on the walls of the cave she had kept a rude record of passing vessels. Nidever corroborates that in the "rainy season 
she lived in a cave nearby." There <emph>is</emph> a nearby cave.
\par 
\par The March 30th, 1857, California Academy of Sciences tells about the disposition of Juana Mar\'eda's effects [J367]. Nidever verified the statement when he said, "Her dresses, bone needles and other curiosities were taken possession of by Father Gonz\'e1
lez, with my consent, and sent to Rome."
\par 
\par Woodward [J367], contributes with the <emph>Golden Era</emph> reference of 1857. It relates the fact that Capt. Russell's financial offer to Nidever to disp
lay the Lone Woman in San Francisco and other towns was rejected. Capt. Trussil of Santa Barbara had also made a similar offer of $1,000, according to Nidever in his report to Murray.
\par 
\par Tenney prefaces "Hermit of San Nicolas" [P112, 1907), by saying, "What little has been published about San Nicholas has long been out of print, and is now inaccessible to the reading public."
\par 
\par His writeup is fairly accurate, if not thorough. He used Thompson and West and the Boston paper's 1811 account of Boardman and Pope's 
trip to San Nicolas. But should there be a need to choose what is to be read, it would not be this 1907 version of the story.
\par 
\par O. M. Paul in 1911 used the same title as the 1853 <emph>Daily Alta California</emph>, "Female Robinson Crusoe." He told us that Jeffries went to San Nicolas a second time with Nidever to find the woman, but this cannot be substantiated.
\par 
\par It is interesting, however, that Paul began his article in a most unusual fashion,
\par 
\par It was at this time that the event occurred which the writer g
ives verbatim as told him by an old English sailor on the water front of New York City, at the time reporter on a daily journal of the great metropolis. The story was substantiated by an old log-book in the possession of the sailorman . . .
\par 
\par Since but one 
logbook reference exists, Phelps' of 1841, one wonders about this second reference some seventy years later. In some ways the account follows the salient facts rather carefully. Yet, one does wonder. Perhaps these words were but a journalistic beginning t
o an article, and should be dismissed as such.
\par 
\par There is a Stephen Bowers' file [M22] in the Southwest Museum. And in it is found a manuscript:
\par 
\par In November, 1915, I met at Alamos Harbor, Santa Cruz Island, George Nidever, 70 or more years of age. He was th
ere (with his wife) engaged in crawfishing. His father, Capt. George Nidever, brought the lone Indian woman from San Nicolas Island to Santa Barbara in 1854. The son, though then a small boy, remembers having seen the woman. Nidever told me that when he w
a
s about 10 years old he went to San Nicolas with Capt. who went there to kill the dogs on the island and that all were shot that could be found. I presume this was done so that the island might be safely stocked with sheep. He told me that the dogs were o
f the <emph>Alaskan breed</emph>!
\par 
\par This reference seems to be important for the Lone Woman story from but one standpoint: the name of one of the games being played by the actors in this drama could have been thoughts of "sheep raising on San Nicolas," not o
tter hunting, which instigated the removal of the Indians in 1835. The amazing thing about this above first-person comment is that the dates would place George Nidever and his son George on San Nicolas in 1857 for the dog-shooting&#8212;the same year that
 Kimberly probably left Santa Cruz Island for San Nicolas, which he stocked with sheep.
\par 
\par Dr. Jones had gone to both San Nicolas and Santa Rosa Island in 1901 for archaeological work. Seemingly, he felt that his knowledge of San Nicolas was above average for
 accuracy and quantity, and that it should be contributed in some manner. It was for that reason that he wrote to Lummis, editor of <emph>Land of Sunshine</emph>, to see if he would like to publish the material.
\par 
\par But we hear about Jones' contributions through the Southwest Museum's <emph>Masterkey</emph>, Vol. 43, 1969 [J207), and Heizer. It was Jones who furnished much of the material for the University of California's Archaeological Report #55.
\par 
\par In a footnote on page 87 of the Jones journal, Dr. Heizer said, "Deleted here is a lengthy account with long quotations from published sources of the Lone Woman of San Nicolas. All of these have been cited and reproduced [elsewhere]."
\par 
\par In this same <emph>Masterkey</emph> article, it was said that a Mr. Charles Merritt of Santa Barbara was the brother-in-law of M. M. Kimberly, and
\par 
\par In 1866 Mr. Merritt found a cave in which the lone woman had lived, and in it were a number of her former possessions, still in a fairly good state of preservation. He mentioned a garm
ent of some sort, made of a kind of netting fashioned from sinew and covered with feathers fastened on with sinew, some arrow-points, stone knives, and a few abalone pearls. There were no pictographs or markings on the walls of the cave, at that time, tho
ugh the walls were smoke-blackened.
\par 
\par We can but wonder about two things: 1. When did Kimberly stock San Nicolas Island with sheep (Jones said about 1853), and 2. Why did the above quoted information not come sooner to the attention of others. There is a lon
g stretch of time between 1866 and 1901.
\par 
\par The <emph>Santa Barbara News Press<emph> was the bearer of good news on February 20, 1944 [M93]. Research students at the Mission Santa Barbara discovered Juana Mar\'eda's burial record in the Mission archives. Where 
previously Father Engelhardt [B24, 1965], had said this record did not exist, it was finally located:
\par 
\par On the 19 of October of 1853 I gave ecclesiastical burial in this cemetery to the mortal remains of Juana Mar\'eda an Indian brought from the Island of San 
Nicolas, and since there was no one who understood her language she was baptised conditionally by Father S\'e1nchez; and that this may stand as true I sign it. Father Jos\'e9 Mar\'eda de Jes\'fas Gonz\'e1lez.
\par 
\par The entry is the 1,183rd in the record book and appears opposite page 114. Later [B24], Father Geiger made the remark, "When she died, Gonz\'e1
lez Rubio conducted her funeral services and buried her in the Mission cemetery. The location of her grave is unknown . . ."
\par 
\par Arthur Woodward [B62], said that in 1939-40 he went
 to San Nicolas Island. While there, he followed Ellison's account of the route taken in 1853 by Carl Dittmann and George Nidever while seeking the Lone Woman. They finally located her in the Corral Harbor area.
\par 
\par Woodward gave about fifteen pages to Juana Mar\'eda, sometimes using quotes from her discoverers, sometimes using third person. His bibliography is excellent, as well as his understanding of the subject matter.
\par 
\par Too many early Californians had found the islands to be lucrative. "Pieces of Eight," "Pieces of Eight," said the green parrot, the smuggler. the poacher, the fishermen, the otter hunters, and the stock raisers. And Juana Mar\'ed
a's life was caught in the cross current of it all. God rest your soul, Juana Mar\'eda!
\par 
\par LONE WOMAN
\par 
\par Abandoned, August, 1835
\par 
\par Found, August, 1853
\par 
\par Taken to Santa Barbara, end of August, 1853
\par 
\par 
\par JUANA MARI\'cdA
\par 
\par Baptised by Father S\'e1nchez, mid-October, 1853
\par 
\par Burial by Father Gonz\'e1lez, October 19, 1853
\par 
\par Nidever plot, Mission cemetery
\par 
\par <hi rend="bold">Bibliography Connected with "The Lone Woman of San Nicolas," 1835-1853</hi>
\par 
\par 1841
\par Phelps, Logbook of the Alert [See UJ3]
\par 
\par 1841
\par B117
\par N. Dawson, <emph>California in '41, Texas in '51, Memoirs of N. Dawson</emph>, pvtly. pntd.
\par 
\par 1849
\par "A Woman's Log of 1849," <emph>Overland Monthly</emph>, 1890 [See J367]
\par 
\par 1853
\par <emph>Daily Democratic State Journal</emph>, Oct. 13, 1853 [See UJ3]
\par 
\par 1853
\par <emph>Daily Alta California</emph>, Nov. 13, 1853 [See UJ3]
\par 
\par 1856
\par <emph>P27*</emph>
\par C. J. W Russell, "Narrative of a Woman who was Eighteen Years Alone upon the Island of San Nicolas, Coast of California," <emph>Hutchings' Calif. Mag.</emph>
\par 
\par 1856
\par M69
\par "A California Crusoe," <emph>San Francisco Evening Bulletin</emph>
\par 
\par 1856
\par M96
\par J. J. Warner, "Interesting Narrative," <emph>Los Angeles Star</emph>
\par 
\par 1856
\par <emph>Santa Barbara Gazette</emph> [See UJ3]
\par 
\par 1856
\par M70
\par "Further Particulars of the California Crusoe," <emph>San Francisco Evening Bulletin</emph>
\par 
\par 1856
\par M81
\par "Further Particulars of the California Crusoe," <emph>Sacramento Union</emph>
\par 
\par 1856
\par Alexander S. Taylor, <emph>California Farmer</emph> [See UJ3]
\par 
\par 1857
\par <emph>California Academy of Science</emph> [See J367]
\par 
\par 1857
\par M51
\par <emph>Golden Era</emph> [See J367]
\par 
\par 1857
\par P29
\par Anonymous, "The Indian Woman of San Nicolas," <emph>Hutchings' Calif. Mag.</emph>
\par 
\par 1872
\par P79
\par Josephine Walcott, "Hona Mar\'eda," <emph>Overland Monthly</emph>
\par 
\par 1878
\par Ms
\par <emph>The Life and Adventures of George Nidever, 1802-1883</emph>, E. F. Murray, reporting [Bancroft Lby.; See also B51 and U13]
\par 
\par 1878
\par Ms
\par Carl Dittmann's <emph>Narrative of a Seafaring Life on the Coast of California</emph>, E. F. Murray, reporting
\par 
\par 1879
\par <emph>P123</emph>
\par "Left Alone on a Desert Island for Eighteen Years; California's Feminine Crusoe," <emph>Pioneer</emph>, San Jose, Calif.
\par 
\par 1880
\par <emph>P123</emph>
\par Emma Hardacre, "Eighteen Years Alone," <emph>Scribner's Monthly</emph>
\par 
\par 1883
\par B70
\par Thompson and West, Pub., <emph>History of Santa Barbara and Ventura Counties</emph>, Ch. 17
\par 
\par 1892
\par M95
\par Stephen Bowers, "Lone Woman of San Nicolas Island," <emph>Ventura Weekly Observer</emph>
\par 
\par 1892
\par M27
\par Stephen Bowers, "The Lone Woman of San Nicolas"
\par 
\par 1893
\par P15
\par James M. Gibbons, "The Wild Woman of San Nicolas Island," <emph>Calif. Illus. Mag.</emph>, C. F. Holder, Ed.
\par 
\par (1901)
\par J207
\par Philip Mills Jones, "San Nicolas Island Archaeology in 1901." <emph>Masterkey</emph> (ed. by R. F. Heizer)
\par 
\par 1907
\par P112
\par W A. Tenney, "Hermit of San Nicolas," <emph>Pacific Monthly</emph>
\par 
\par 1911
\par P99
\par 0. M. Paul, "Female Robinson Crusoe," <emph>Overland Monthly</emph>
\par 
\par 1915
\par M22
\par Stephen Bowers File, Southwest Museum
\par 
\par <emph>1937</emph>
\par <emph>B51</emph>
\par <emph>The Life and Adventures of George Nidever, 1802-1883</emph>, Ed. by William H. Ellison, U. of C., Berkeley
\par 
\par 1944
\par M93
\par <emph>Santa Barbara News Press</emph>
\par 
\par (1949)
\par B24
\par 0. F. M. Maynard Geiger, <emph>Mission Santa Barbara, 1782-1965</emph>
\par 
\par 1957
\par B62
\par Arthur Woodward, "Juana Mar\'eda; sidelights on the Indian occupation of San Nicolas Island," in <emph>The Pacific Northwesterner</emph>
\par 
\par <emph>1961</emph>
\par <emph>U13</emph>
\par "Original Accounts of the Lone Woman of San Nicolas Island," <emph>Arch. Survey</emph>, U. of C ., Berkeley
\par 
\par *Note: Code number and date in italic indicates a work of superior importance.
\par 
\par 
\par <hi rend="bold">Lone Woman Story, Characters</hi>
\par 
\par NAME: From
\par Married to
\par Trade, Remarks
\par Comments
\par 
\par DR. S. B. BRINKERHOFF, (1823-1880): New York, 1852 at age 29
\par Lucy A.Noyes, 1877 at age 54
\par Medical doctor: Tended Lone Woman until her death at Nidever home
\par "the silent benefactor of the poor . . . was threatened with financial ruin at the hands of those whose benefactor he had been. He never recovere
d from the shock; . . . We miss the enterprising citizen, the good doctor, the general companion, the true friend" [B70]
\par 
\par LUIS T. BURTON, ( ? -1880): Tennessee, 1831 w/ Wolkfskill party, settled in Santa Barbara
\par Mar\'eda Antonia, 1839 (2nd wife) neice of Carlos Carrillo
\par Mercantile business for 30 years, otter hunter, farmer
\par Nearly killed by robbers: nursed to health by Carrillos; with Sparks, 1835, hunted on Wm. G. Dana license: 1860, bought "Burton Mound" from A. F. Hinchman (on beach); acquired wealth
\par 
\par WILLIAM GOODWIN DANA, (1797-1858): Originally from Boston, then Hawaii, 1826
\par Mar\'eda Josefa, 1828, daughter of Carlos Carillo
\par Merchant, otter hunter, farmer, stock raiser
\par Cousin, Richard Henry Dana; Alcalde, 1836; held other offices: owned <emph>Waverly</emph>, 1
827-28; built 33-ton schooner <emph>Santa Barbara</emph>, 1829, for trade and otter hunting; co-owner, <emph>La Fama</emph>, with Carlos Carrillo: grantee, Nipomo Rancho, 1837, 38,887,71 acres
\par 
\par DR. L. N. DIMMICK, ( ? -1884): Arrived California, 1872
\par Medical doctor
\par Thompson and West [B70], used Dimmick's notes about Nidever and the Lone Woman
\par 
\par CARL DITTMANN, (1822- ? ): Prussia, 1844; alias "Charlie Brown"
\par Whaler-sailor, deserter, otter hunter
\par Instrumental in locating Lone Woman on San Nicolas Island, Interviewed by Hardacre
\par 
\par EMMA HARDACRE: Arrived California, 1876
\par Interviewed Nidever, Dittmann, Jeffries, <emph<et al</emph>; wrote story of Lone Woman for <emph>Scribner's Mo.</emph>, 1880
\par 
\par JOHN COFFIN JONES, (1796-1861): Originally from Boston, commuted, 1830-1838, settled from Hawaii, 1844-46
\par Manuela, 1838 (1820-1900) daughter of Carlos Carrillo
\par Consul&#8212;Hawaii, merchant, otter hunter, ship owner
\par 1821-30, representative, Marchall & Wildes, in
 Hawaii; wife was owner of 1/2 Santa Rosa Island and claimant for La Calera Rancho; chartered <emph>Crusader</emph>, 1832; chartered <emph>Convoy</emph>, 1832, 1834; on coast, 1830-40; co-owner, <emph>Bolivar</emph> (renamed <emph>Oajaca</emph>), 1843; ow
ned brigs <emph>Loriot</emph>, <emph>Volunteer</emph>, <emph>Louisa</emph>, & schooners <emph>Harriet Blanchard</emph>, <emph>Avon</emph>, <emph>Griffon</emph>, <emph>Rasselas</emph>; chartered cutter<emph>Margarita</emph>
\par 
\par NAME: From
\par Married to
\par Trade, Remarks
\par Comments
\par 
\par GEORGE NIDEVER, (1802-1883): Tennessee, Arkansas, 1834 w/ Capt. Walker
\par Sinforosa Sanchez, 1841 ( ? -1892)
\par Trapper, bear hunter, Indian fighter, otter hunter, stock raiser, sheep grazer
\par Hunted on Wm. G. Dana license, 1835; promised land by Alv
arado, 1836; promised 1/2 Huasma Rancho by Sparks; 1840, purchases "Burton Mound" from Joseph Chapman, sold to Hinchman, Santa Barbara attorney, 1850; 1850-70, w/ 2 sons, cattle and sheep on San Miguel Island; Thomas Robbins, his tenant; 1878, he and wife
 lived with youngest daughter just outside Santa Barbara; interviewed by Hardacre
\par 
\par THOMAS ROBBINS, ( ? -1857): Nantucket Island, 1827
\par Encarnaci\'f3n, 1834, daughter of Carlos Carrillo
\par Owned a store, 1830, 1st Mate, <emph>Waverly</emph>
\par Commanded <emph>California</emph>, 1827-29; grantee, Santa Catalina Island, 1846; grantee, Rancho Las Positas y Calera, adjoining Santa Barbara
\par 
\par DR. JAMES BARRON SHAW: England, 1853
\par Helen A. Green, 1861, Londoner
\par Supt., Santa Cruz Island Co., 1853-69, for Barron, Forbes & Co.
\par Had most stylish residence in Santa Barbara, as seen by Lone Woman on arrival. He was on a horse
\par 
\par ISAAC J. SPARKS, (1804-1867): Maine, 1832 w/ Ewing Young's 2nd trapping group to Santa Barbara, 1833
\par Mary Ayers, Scottish
\par 1836, owned trading store, otter hunter; see Santa Rosa Is., helped to remove Indians from San Nicolas
\par Built first brick house in Santa Barbara; was 1st Postmaster of Santa Barbara, 1836; purchased Julien Foxen home, 1843; grantee Huasmo Rancho though not married to a Californian; grantee, Pismo Rancho and 5 others
\par 
\par ALPHEUS B. THOMPSON, (1797-1869): Originally from Maine, commuted, 1825-34 from Hawaii to California
\par Francisca, 1834, (1815-1841) daughter of Carlos Carrillo
\par Merchant, otter hunter, farmer, stock raiser, supercargo, shipbuilder
\par Nephe
w of Capt. Dixie Wildes, uncle of Dixie Wildes Thompson; wife was owner of 1/2 Santa Rosa Island; supercargo, <emph>Washington</emph>, 1825-30; co-owner & supercargo, brig <emph>Bolivar</emph>, 1832-40; owner of <emph>Famer</emph> (<emph>La Fama</emph>>),
 1842; supercargo, <emph>Loriot</emph>, 1833-34
\par 
\par CAPT. ISAAC WILLIAMS, ( ? -1856): New York; from New Mexico with E. Young, 1832, to Los Angeles; called "Julian"
\par Antonia Mar\'eda de Jes\'fas, daughter of Antonio Lugo
\par Farmer, trader, trapper, stock raiser
\par Collector for port of San Pedro; inherited Chino Rancho, San Bernerdino County, granted to Lugo, 1841; took an Indian from San Nicolas, 1835, to live with him}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13448032 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb6ac3301045f785fe83d0b6d8
72ba28a5d8cea249777d2cd20f18e4b12d6a8f843409c9df77ecb850ba082d74231062ce997b55ae8fe3a00e1893f354e9555e6885647de3a8abf4fbee29bbd7
2a3150038327acf409935ed7d757e5ee14302999a654e99e393c18936c8f23a4dc072479697d1c81e51a3b13c07e4087e6b628ee8cf5c4489cf1c4d075f92a0b
44d7a07a83c82f308ac7b0a0f0fbf90c2480980b58abc733615aa2d210c2e02cb04430076a7ee833dfb6ce62e3ed7e14693e8317d8cd0433bf5c60f53fea2fe7
065bd80facb647e9e25c7fc421fd2ddb526b2e9373fed4bb902e182e97b7b461e6bfad3f010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c00000
00360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4fc7060abb08
84a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b63095120f88d94fbc
52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462a1a82fe353
bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468
656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b4b0d592c9c
070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b4757e8d3f7
29e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100af2514d3ba060000581a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65
312e786d6cec59cf6fdb3614be0fd8ff20e8eefa9724db419dc296ed666bd216b5dba147daa62d369464887452a32830b4c701038675c30e2bb0db0ec3b6022d
b04bf7d764ebb075c0fe853d52b24cdaf49206390443938b457deff1e37be4f748f1eab58721b58e70c2481c35edf295926de168148f49346dda7707bd42ddb6
1847d118d138c24d7b81997d6df7c30faea21d1ee0105b601fb11dd4b403ce673bc5221b41336257e2198ee0dd244e42c4e1319916c7093a06bf212d564a25af
182212d9568442707b6b3221236c0d844b7b77e9bc4be131e24c348c68d217aeb16621b1e3c3b240b005f369621d21dab4a19f717c3cc00fb96d51c438bc68da
25f9671777af16d14e6644f9165bc5ae27ff32bbcc607c58917d26d361dea9e3b88ed7cafd4b00e59bb86eadeb75bddc9f04a0d108469a72517dbaed46bbe366
580594fe34f8eed43ad5b28657fc573738b75cf1afe12528f5ef6ce07b3d1fa2a8e12528c5bb1b78c7a9557c47c34b508af736f0b552abe3d434bc0405944487
1be892eb55fde56873c824a67b4678c3757ab54ae67c8582d990cf2ed1c5248ef8b6b916a20771d203800052c44964f1c50c4fd00866b18f281926c4da27d380
8b6ed00e46cafbb469c4369a448f161b2564c69bf6c73304eb62e5f59fd73ffef3faa575f2e4d5c9935f4e9e3e3d79f273ea48b3da43d154b57afbfd177f3fff
d4faebe5776f9f7d65c63315fffb4f9ffdf6eb9766202ca2159d375fbff8e3d58b37df7cfee70fcf0cf05682862a7c4042ccac9bf8d8ba1387303019159d391e
26ef66310810512d5ad194a108895e0cfebb3cd0d03717882203ae8df508de4b40444cc0ebf3071ae17e90cc393178bc11841af0208e693b4e8c51b821fa52c2
3c98475373e7c95cc5dd41e8c8d4b78f222dbfddf90cd493985cfa01d668dea628e2688a23cc2df12e3ec4d830bafb8468713d20a32466f1845bf789d546c418
9201196ab36965b44742c8cbc24410f2adc5e6e09ed58ea969d41d7ca4236155206a203fc0540be37534e72834b91ca090aa01df473c3091ec2f92918aeb320e
999e621a5bdd3166cc64732b81f12a49bf0102624efb015d843a32e1e4d0e4731fc5b18aecc4877e80c29909db2751a0623f6287304591753be626f841acaf10
f10c7940d1d674df23584bf7e96a7017b453a5b49a20e2cd3c31e4f23a8eb5f9db5fd009c2526a40da35c50e4974aa7ca73d5c9c708354bef9f6b981f76595ec
56428c6b666f4da8b7e1d6e5d98f9331b9fceadc41f3e8368605b159a2de8bf37b71b6fff7e2bc6d3d5fbc24af5418045a6c06d3edb6dc7c875bf7de1342699f
2f28de6772fbcda0f68c7bd028ece4b913e767b159003fc54a860e34dc3441d2c64a62fe09e1413f4033d8ba976de164ca32d75366cd62064746d96cf42df074
1e1ec4e3f4c8592e8be3652a1e0cf1557bc9cddbe1b8c053b4575b1da372f792ed541e77970484edbb90503ad349540d246acb46112479b886a01948c8915d08
8b8681455db85fa66a830550cbb3029b230bb6544ddb75c0048ce0cc84281e8b3ca5a95e665726f32233bd2d98da0c28c1778d6c06ac32dd105cb70e4f8c2e9d
6a67c8b44642996e3a09191959c35880c6389b9da2f52c34de35d78d554a357a2214592c141ab5fa7fb1386faec16e5d1b68a42a058dace3a6ed555d98322334
6bda1338bac3cf70067387894d2da253f8fe35e249bae0cfa32cb384f10e62411a70293aa91a8484e3c4a2246cda62f8791a68243544722b5740102e2db906c8
ca65230749d7938c27133ce26ada951611e9f411143ed50ae35b697e7eb0b08ce790ee7e303eb686749edc4130c5dc5a5904704c187cdf29a7d11c13f824990b
d96afead15a64c76d56f82720ea5ed88ce0294551455cc53b894f29c8e7cca63a03c656386802a21c90ae1702a0aac1a54ad9ae65523e5b0b5ea9e6e2422a788
e6aa666aaa22aaa659c5b41e9665602d96e72bf20aab6588a15caa153e95ee75c96d2cb56e6d9f90570908781e3f43d53d434150a8ad3ad3a809c69b322c343b
6bd56bc77280a7503b4b915054df5bba5d8b5b5e238cdd41e3b92a3fd8adcf5a689a2cf79532d2f2ee42bd5e88870f403c3af021774e3993a984cb8304c186a8
2ff724a96cc01279c8b3a501bfac79429af6a392db72fc8aeb174a75b75b70aa4ea950775bd542cb75abe5ae5b2e75da95c75058781096ddf4dea4071f9be822
bb3d91ed1b3728e1f27bda95511c166379435294c4e50d4ab992dda0c81b98a66dbc4ab108a8cf23afd26b541b6dafd0a8b67a05a7d3ae171abed72e743cbfd6
e9757cb7dee83db6ad2309765a55dff1baf58257f6fd82e395c438ea8d42cda9545a4ead55ef3aadc7d97e064290ea48161488b324b8fb2f000000ffff030050
4b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e
72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae9
95719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757d
a0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d00
14000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d
0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b000000000000000000000000002b0100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800
000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000140200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b
01022d0014000600080000002100af2514d3ba060000581a00001600000000000000000000000000d10200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e78
6d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000bf0900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000ba0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax267\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef1\lsdunhideuseddef1\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e352e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffffec69d9888b8b3d4c859eaf6cd158be0f0000000000000000000000009012
c66b1891d001feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}