{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}
{\f39\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Segoe UI;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f381\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria Math CE;}{\f382\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Math Cyr;}
{\f384\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Math Greek;}{\f385\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Math Tur;}{\f388\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Math Baltic;}{\f389\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria Math (Vietnamese);}
{\f431\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Segoe UI CE;}{\f432\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Segoe UI Cyr;}{\f434\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Segoe UI Greek;}{\f435\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Segoe UI Tur;}
{\f436\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Segoe UI (Hebrew);}{\f437\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Segoe UI (Arabic);}{\f438\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Segoe UI Baltic;}{\f439\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Segoe UI (Vietnamese);}
{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}
{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}
{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \sqformat Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs16 \sbasedon10 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid11676321 annotation reference;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 \slink17 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid11676321 annotation text;}{\*\cs17 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20 
\sbasedon10 \slink16 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid11676321 Comment Text Char;}{\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon16 \snext16 \slink19 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid11676321 annotation subject;}{\*\cs19 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs20 
\sbasedon17 \slink18 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid11676321 Comment Subject Char;}{\s20\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs18\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f39\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext20 \slink21 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid11676321 Balloon Text;}{\*\cs21 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs18 
\sbasedon10 \slink20 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid11676321 Balloon Text Char;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid5588659\rsid8602571\rsid10963619\rsid11676321\rsid13448032\rsid13653825}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0
\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\author Sara Schwebel}{\operator Rachel Manuszak}{\creatim\yr2015\mo4\dy5\hr15\min6}{\revtim\yr2015\mo4\dy5\hr15\min6}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords2892}{\nofchars16486}{\nofcharsws19340}
{\vern32775}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves1\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont1\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen
\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot13653825\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit\usenormstyforlist\noindnmbrts\felnbrelev\nocxsptable\indrlsweleven\noafcnsttbl\afelev\utinl\hwelev\spltpgpar\notcvasp\notbrkcnstfrctbl\notvatxbx\krnprsnet\cachedcolbal \nouicompat \fet0
{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\nofeaturethrottle1\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13653825 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13653825 CALIFORNIA NOTES.
\par 
\par BY ALEX. S. TAYLOR.
\par 
\par THE INDIANOLOGY OF CALIFORNIA.
\par 
\par [CONTINUED.]
\par 
\par Miscellaneous.
\par 
\par Valuable accou
nts of the Indians of the frontiers of California and Oregon, between the ocean and the mountains bounding the Sacramento Valley on the west, may be found in the San Francisco Golden Era, of March 1856, by Dr. Lorenzo Hubbard, and by a German writer in Ma
y
 1856. Also, interesting narratives of the Indian countries of Trinity, Mendocino and Humboldt bay and county are given iv the Humboldt Times of April 1856, written by Mr. Lewis K. Wood, who therein gives an account of the death of Dr. Josiah Gregg (autho
r
 of "Commerce of the Prairies," and a celebrated Indianologist), who was companion with Wood in his travels thereabouts in 1849-50. A number of highly interesting letters on the Indians of Arizona and Sonora, written hy Mr. Chas. P. Pajeeick, were publish
e
d inv the San Francisco Daily California Chronicle, of May 1854, bound volumes of which are in the San Francisco Mercantile Library; and herein we would mention that the fine collection of California bound newspaper olumes in this library are of very grea
t
 value to the Indianologist, and are to be found nowhere, else. In the San Francisco Daily Herald of August to November 1853, may also be found accounts of tbe travels, etc., of Capts. Walker and Aubrey in the new Mexican-Indian countries. The Mariposa Ti
m
es of July 1856, also contains along account of the Indians and the discovery of Yosemite Valley; other country papers doubtless contain valuablenotes on the California and Oregon Indians. On the Indians of Mexico, etc. etc., valuable memoirs by Brandtz M
a
yer and others may be found in tho Smithsonian contributions to knowledge. A lengthy letter of great acumen, on the hidden <i>Idiania</i> of Guatamala and Chiapas, by a writer signing himself the Abbe De Bourbourg, may be found in the New York Tribune, of
 
November 1855; this letter asserts great discoveries in the history, languages and traditions of the half-civilized Indians of those countries. Also, a letter of Alex. Humboldt to Dr. F. Ahrendt, of Guatamala city, appears in the Tribune of the same year,
 
treating of Bourbourgs Indiania and the notes made by Mr. Hesse, the Prussian Minister to Guatamala in 1852. The story of the hidden races of Central America, is also noted in the journey of Mr. Thomas P. Meagher in those countries, published in Harper's 
M
agazine, for February 1860, and Von Tempsky's travels in the same countries i n the July-1858-number of Harper's, also makes note ofsimilar facts. An invaluable bibliography on Central America may be found in the able work of Mr. E. G. Squiers (new editio
n 1859), on that country, and it is not saying too much, to say, that this work of Squiers, like all his works on geography and American Ethnography, has no superior in the English language treating on any other country. 
\par 
\par A valuable collection of Spanish manuscripts on Texas, by Friar de Morfi, and on Mexico by Friar Garcia y Figueroa, executed under the orders of Viceroy Rivillagigedo, in 1792, in 32 volumes, was offered for sale iv tho New Yor\'df
 Spanish La Crouica, of May 1853.
\par 
\par We mention the foregoing ne
wspaper narratives, as they are not generally known to the Indianologist residing out of California, which country has so immensely stimulated inquiries into the history, langunge and countries of the <i>Auto[e]thonia</i> of North America.
\par 
\par Mr. Charles Nah
l, the artist, of San Francisco, has executed some of the most spirited and faithful sketches of our Indians, their dances, burials, etc., copies of which have been published in Hutchings' Magazine and other California journals. The following additional n
ames of tribes and clans of our State and Oregon are herein noted, that they may not be lost:
\par 
\par The Alta California of June 1858, mentions from Chamisso (the savan of Kotzebues Russian Pacific Expedition of 1816), the following names of the Indian clans or R
ancherias of the vicinity of San Francisco Bay, numbers of whom were neophytes of Dolores Mission: "The Guymen, Utschium, Olumpali, Soclan and Sonomi all speak one tongue, and form a majority of those residing at the Mission. The Chulpun, Umpin, Kosmitas,
 
Bolbones, Pittemen, Lamames, Apalamnes and Tcholovones, live near the Sacramento and speak one tongue(--)the last named are allies with the Spaniards to war on the other tribes. The Suysum (or Suisun) Numpal and Tamal tribes live in the north and north-we
st (side of tho bay). The Ululatos live north of the Suisuns, and very few ever came to the Mission."
\par 
\par The Indians ol Klamath, Humboldt and Mendocino counties, and of Rogue River and the California and Oregon ocean frontiers, are the Klamaths and the Tututa
nys of that river section; the Hoopahs, and the Ukiahs of Mendocino, those given in Taggart's letter in these notes, and those of Hubbard's below mentioned; the (Umpquas, Kowooses or Cooses, Macanootoony's of the Umpqun river section, Nomee Cults, and Nom
e
e Lacks of Tehama county; the Copahs, Hanags. Yatuckets, Terwars and Tolowas, of the lower Klamath river; the Wylaks and Noobimucks of Trinity county mountains west from Sacramento plains; the Modocs of Klamath Lake, the Ylackas of Pitt River, the Ukas an
d
 Shastas of Shasta county; the Potoachos, Shushawees, Piscatchees, of the Mariposa bottoms and vicinity, the Yosahmittis and Monos of Merced River mountains, and the Yukulmey of Yuba River. The proper name of Russian river in Sonoma county, is Canimairo, 
a
fter the celebrated Indians of those parts as stated in the Petaluma Journal. Tho Nemshous, as stated by General Sutter, roamed (prior to 1846), between the Bear and American rivers; across the Sacramento were the Yolos and Colusas; north of the American 
F
ork wore the Bashonees. On the banks of the river north of Fort Helvetin, roamed the Veshanacks, the Touserlemnies and Youcoolumnis; between the American (plain and hills) and the Mokalumne roamed the Walacumnies, Cosumnies, Solumnees, Mokelumnees, Surami
n
is, Yosumnis, Lacomnis, Kis Kies and Omochumnies. South of these were the Yachachumnes (of Calavaras bottom) and the Tuolumnes. The Olanches, Monos, Siquirionals, Wasakshes, Cowhuillas, Chokimanves, Tenisichs, Yocolles, Paloushiss, Wikachumnis, Openoches,
 Taches, Nutonetoos and Choemimnees, roamed from the Tuolumne to Kings river and the Tejon, on the cast of the San Joaquin, the Tulare lakes and in the Sierra Nevada, as stated hy Lieut. Beale in 1856.
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 416009675}In relation to the Indian woman found on the island of
 San Nicholas by Mr. Nidever, of Santa Barbara, in the Fall of 1853, the Gazette of that place, remarks that "she had lost all knowledge of her language, and could only converse by signs and gestures}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid8602571 {\*\atrfend 416009675}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 416009675}{\*\atndate -1490489991}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid8602571 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8602571 Wild Woman}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13653825 . In the year 1811
, a ship owned by Boardman and Pope of Boston, commanded by Capt. Whittemore, trading on this coast, took from Sitka some thirty Kodiak Indians to the islands of the Channel, for the purpose of killing sea-otter, and left them there till his return from t
he coasts of Lower California, etc. {\*\atrfstart 416009676}
A dispute afterwards arose between the Kodiaks and the islanders, caused by the seizure of the women by the Kodiaks, who thereon slaughtered all the males, old and young on San Nicholas, a very few only escaped. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid11676321 {\*\atrfend 416009676}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 416009676}{\*\atndate -953705430}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid11676321 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid11676321 Indians as savage}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13653825 
Capt. Whittemore returned at the end of a year and carried his Kodiaks back to Russian-America. Whittemore's vessel was afterwards (1812) captured by the British man-of-war Phoebe, near the Sandwich Islands, and he taken
 prisoner to England. It seems that the San Nicholas Indians, from being more distant, were not all taken of till 1836, that is the few (seven in number) left by the Kodiaks. Tho woman spoken of above made her escape from the party of 1836, and was not fo
und till 1853, as above mentioned; she died a short while afterwards in Santa Barbara.{\*\atrfstart 416009677}
 Some of the California Indians have been known to live to a great old ago. The Placerville American in 1858, tells of a woman of Clear Creek, living at the advanced age o
f two hundred (200) years ! and gives a very curious description of her; she retained a vivid recollection of her youth, when earthquakes and convulsions were very frequent. An old Carmel Indian of the name of Fernando, who was blind, and was a servant of
 
Padre Junipero, and the first Spaniards, died in Monterey in November 1852, said to be over one hundred and fifty years of age; he was a great favorite among the people of Monterey. An Indian, Placide, died in September 1858, at San Buenaventura Mission, 
whose age was over one hundred and thirty-seven years; he worked at the building of the Mission over eighty-four years ago, and danced at a fandango only a short time before his death; he was both blind and deaf when he died.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 
\ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid11676321 {\*\atrfend 416009677}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 416009677}{\*\atndate -953705428}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid11676321 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8602571 Wonder}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13653825 
\par 
\par All the Indians of the ante-1800 Californias and New Mexico seem to have used the shell-dime money with strings. From north to south in the <i>present</i> California up to Columbia river they burnt the dead in some tribes, and in others buried them. Th
ese modes of sepulture differed every few leagues.
\par 
\par The following is the number of Indians within the State boundaries, given by Superintendent Henley to the Indian Bureau in 1856, and published in the California journals of June 1857: At the Indian reservation on the Klamath river, 2500; at the Nome Lacke
,
 2000; at the Mendocino farm, 500; at the Fresno, 900; at the Tejon, 700; at the Nome Colt attached to Nome Lacke, 3000; at the King's river attached to Fresno, 400; making in all, 10,000 souls in the reservations under the care ofIndian agents. From the 
b
est information he states, the approximate number of Indians <i>outside</i> the reservations, to be as follows: In San Bernardino and San Diego counties, 8000; in Los Angeles, Santa Barbara, San Luis Obispo, Monterey, Santa Clara and Santa Cruz counties, 
2
000; in Tulare and Mariposa counties, 2500;in Tuolumne, Calaveras, San Joaquin, Alameda and Contra Costa counties, 41O0; in Sacramento, El Dorado and Placer counties, 3500; in Sutter, Yuba, Nevada and Sierra counties, 3500; in Butte, Shasta and Siskiyou c
o
unties, 5500; in Klamath, Humbolt and Trinity counties, 6500; in Mendocino, Colusi, Yolo, Napa, Sonoma and Marin counties, 15,000. Total in all, 61,500 Indians in and out of the reservations within the State limits. The estimates ofS tate officers and oth
e
r writers from 1851 to 1856, make the number in the State from 125,000 to 220,000 during the period between those years; a large allowance being made for the Mohave and Colorado river Indians, including to the mouth of the last river at the gulf; these la
s
t are as yet but very little known to the world. We are inclined to place the number within the above limits, i. e., between the Oregon line and the Gulf, at not far short of 120,000, in say, 1852. Since that time hundreds of these Indians have been kille
d
 off by the whites on the frontiers, by themselves in little and big wars, and by disease; but mostly by an army of rum-sellers in every hole and corner of the State, have they been slayed and demolated. As a general thing the frontier-squatters and rover
s
 show them little mercy, and would rather, according to all accounts, shoot them than a coyote. It is difficult to say what our Government will come to, when this class of American Arabs get sufficient headway in the cities and the country at large. Possi
b
ly they may amalgamate with the tribes between the 49th parallel and the Isthmus of Panama, and make with them und their congeners, a mixed race of strange habits to overrun again the continent of North America, and set up a new system and civilization(--
)make a Pacific American empire.
\par 
\par Dr. Hubbard, in his notes (1856) on the Indians of Rouge River and South Oregon, on the ocean, before alluded to, gives the following list of names of Rancherias and clans of the Lototen or Tutatamys tribe, with the accompanying short vocabulary.
\par 
\par 1. Masonah Band, 70 souls; chief's name, Clemma; location, Coquille river.
\par 
\par 2. Chockrelatan Band, 108 souls; chief's name, Chetakos; location, Coquille forks.
\par 
\par 3. Quatomuh Band, 130 souls, in three villages; chief's name, Hahulteah; location, Flores' creek.
\par 
\par 4. Laquaacha Band,(--)(--); location, Elk river.
\par 
\par 5. Cosulhenten Band, 27 souls; chief's name, Chatalhakeah; location, Port Orford.
\par 
\par 6. Yuquache Band, 100 souls; chief's name, Ahchessee; location, Yugua creek.
\par 
\par 7. Chetlessenten Band, 50 souls; chief's name, Enetus; location, Pistol river.
\par 
\par 8. Yah-Shutes Band, 120 souls; chief's name, Calwawesit: location, Rogue river.
\par 
\par 9. Wishtanatan Band, 60 souls; chief's name, Nelyetahncka: location, Whales head.
\par 
\par 10. Cheahtoc Band, 180 souls; chief's name, Nelyetahneska; location, Chetko.
\par 
\par 11. Totuten Band, 10 souls; chief's name, Talmanetesa; location, six miles above the mouth of Rogue river.
\par 
\par 12. Sisticoosta Band, 130 souls; chief's name, Yachamsee; location, above Big Bend, of Rogue river.
\par 
\par 13. Maquelnoteer Band, 120 soul; chief's name, Tallialtus; location, 14 miles above the month of Rogue river.(--)In all, 1205 souls in the nation.
\par 
\par VOCABULARY.
\par head\tab \tab hwissee\tab \tab \tab prarie\tab \tab kloosunkarshe
\par mouth\tab \tab hwuttah\tab \tab \tab rain\tab \tab yass
\par eye\tab \tab hwunereye\tab \tab snow\tab \tab yesstessahmantes-
\par nose\tab \tab hwish\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab    nah
\par ear\tab \tab hwusserrah\tab \tab woman\tab \tab tsach
\par chin\tab \tab hweatal\tab \tab \tab child\tab \tab scharchah
\par hair\tab \tab singah\tab \tab \tab father\tab \tab stah
\par neck\tab \tab huchquas\tab \tab mother\tab \tab schahah
\par teeth\tab \tab kowlawo\tab \tab \tab free\tab \tab thun
\par tongue\tab \tab sah-stu\tab \tab \tab beads\tab \tab quamunsiwash or
\par lips\tab \tab starmessee\tab \tab \tab \tab    shell money
\par forehead\tab hownkitkee\tab \tab gun\tab \tab tukush
\par shoulder\tab hwulte\tab \tab \tab bow & arrows\tab chutolkla
\par arm\tab \tab hwoquarne\tab \tab fish-net\tab uschu
\par elbow\tab \tab hwutzela\tab \tab comb\tab \tab setiloquet
\par wrist\tab \tab hupelaskee\tab \tab blanket\tab \tab star
\par leg\tab \tab hwatsneh\tab \tab shirt\tab \tab hsreah
\par hand\tab \tab hwallah\tab \tab \tab comb\tab \tab unretah
\par breast\tab \tab hwutsaway\tab \tab go\tab \tab sahtasre
\par fingers\tab \tab hwulasucah\tab \tab stay\tab \tab setah
\par knee\tab \tab hwoquot\tab \tab \tab one\tab \tab klusha
\par toes\tab \tab hockwaresucah\tab \tab two\tab \tab narke
\par foot\tab \tab hockware\tab \tab three\tab \tab tarke
\par fire\tab \tab hwun\tab \tab \tab four\tab \tab tinche
\par air or wind\tab tlsee\tab \tab \tab five\tab \tab squallah
\par water\tab \tab tlchut\tab \tab \tab six\tab \tab kostahue
\par land\tab \tab nunesah\tab \tab \tab seven\tab \tab chittah
\par ocean\tab \tab leshack\tab \tab \tab eight\tab \tab nahhuzendah
\par mountain\tab nat-sun\tab \tab \tab nine\tab \tab klundah
\par stars, sun and\tab \tab \tab \tab ten\tab \tab quiesse
\par    moon\tab \tab tihulse\tab \tab \tab 
\par 
\par {\*\atrfstart 416009678}Our revered f
ather-in-law Captain (of the seas) Daniel A. Hill, a native of Bellerica, Massachusetts, and we are proof to say, a most truthful observing man, assured us, from an intimate acquaintance with the Indians and Mission Friars, from 1823, to 1833, and from th
a
t time a constant resident at Sta. Barbara, to May 1860, that the Priests tried every possible method to christianize and civilize the Indiania; with what effect, is well known. As he is a devout Catholic, and knew all the old Missionaries, during the mos
t flourishing periods of the Missions(--)some of whom he avers were saints(--)he had every opportunity to judge of the capacity of the California <i>Gentilidad</i>; their great enemies were the Devil, and his chief earthly agent, King Alcohol.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid8602571 {\*\atrfend 416009678}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 416009678}{\*\atndate -1490489981}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid8602571 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8602571 Noble Savage (degraded\'85)}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13653825 
\par Hugo Reed, in his notes (1852) on the Los Angeles county Indians, mentioned before in these papers, says, the greater part of them belonged to one nation. His vocabulary agrees with that of San Gabriel Mission, elsew
here given. Being related by blood, war was not carried on amongst them, but only with the outsiders. Those of Jurupa, in the present San Bernardino county, were not their kith, and were looked upon with contempt(--)these last came from the Eastern Sierra
s. The Chief of each lodge took his name (followed by it) from the lodge. The following is a list of the rancherhias, or lodges, related in his notes aforesaid:
\par 
\par Yanga, Sibagna, Isanthcagna, Sisiteanogna, Sonagna, Acuragua, Asucsagna, Cucomogna, Passinogna,
 Awigna, Chekisgna, Nicaugna, Piniocagna, Toybipet, Hutuegna, Aleupkigna, Maugna, Hahamogna, Cabeugna, Pascegna, Houtgna, Suagna, Pubugna, Tibihagna, Chowigna, Harasgnas; Kinkipan was San Clemente island; Pineugna was San Catalina island.
\par 
\par Reed says also they do count further than ten, as follows:
\par 
\par eleven\tab \tab \tab wehesmahar coy puca
\par twelve\tab \tab \tab wehesmahar coy weh
\par one time\tab \tab pucushe
\par two times\tab \tab wehes
\par three "\tab \tab \tab puhes
\par four "\tab \tab \tab watsahes
\par five "\tab \tab \tab mahares
\par ten "\tab \tab \tab wehes mahares
\par twenty "\tab \tab wehis wehesmahar
\par one hundred times\tab wehis-wehes-mahares-
\par \tab \tab \tab    wehes-mahar
\par I hear\tab \tab \tab non im nahacua
\par thou hearest\tab \tab oanahacua
\par I heard\tab \tab \tab non himhacua
\par thou hearest\tab \tab o-a-nimhacua
\par he heard\tab \tab mane himhacua
\par I shall hear\tab \tab nop nomhacua
\par thou shall hear\tab \tab opamhacua
\par he shall hear\tab \tab minepamhacua
\par 
\par I speak, thou speakest, he speaks; I spoke, thou spokest, he spoke; I will speak, thou wilt speak, he will speak(--)commence as the above, but end in <i>sirauaj</i>; neither the person, or sense, altering the verb, but the pronoun preceding it.
\par 
\par He also no
tes, "that their language is simple, rich and abounding in comprehensive terms; they have many phrases to which <i>we</i> have no equivalent. They have a great many liquid sounds, and their gutturals are so softened down as to become quite agreeable to th
e ear." These notes of our lamented friend are invaluable to the American Indianologist, and have now become extremely scarce.
\par 
\par We have thus endeavored to cursorily collect and collate variegated material, and to refer to abundant matter elsewhere existing,
 for the use of him who will be competent, in the future, to write the <i>Monarchia Indiana Californicus</i>, or give elementary food to the California Hiawatha, or the California Auracania. It is to be hoped this son of thunder will not be a thief of oth
er men's brains, like so many of our lazy contemporaries(--)not to call them by a worse name.
\par 
\par That portion of North America, between the 49th parallel and the Isthmus of Panama, is capable of easily supporting a population of three hundred millions of huma
n souls. It will need such a sea as the Pacific Ocean to display its commerce and its prowess, for the land is illimitable in its resources of climate, soil and productions. The exploration of the precious metals, and their diffusion amongst men, will dra
w
 forth new developments of the human character, and every thing old will have passed away. We cannot conceive(--)it is not permitted to us to be known or penetrated, by the Divine Creator(--)the wonderful nature of the aspect of human affairs one hundred 
a
nd forty short years from 1860(--)a mere breath of time. The settlement of all this region will permeate and influence the utmost bound of tho Earth and its human races, and we cannot allow ourselves to doubt, for their better happiness and government, an
d the glory of our Maker{\*\atrfstart 416009679}
. Our great-grandchildren may witness in their old age the marvels of A. D. 2000; and a Californian, in each population of that mighty American empire, will recount to his hearers tho perils, the adventures, the workings, the trouble
s, and struggles, of his ancestors, from A. D. 1848 to A. D. 2000. Everything of the past will have then in A. D. 2000 felt the magnet(--)been brought to the touchstone of California. Men will count one, two, ten, thirty, seventy, a hundred, and hundred a
n
d fifty years, after the discovery of the gold and silver of California, which set the ball in motion to roll down south over the land, bringing strange changes over the face of Nature, Society, of Commerce and of Government. The prior old-world-things wi
l
l be dead, dead, dead(--)only live in the Books of the multitudinous great libraries of the empire. The work, then, before us, in the <i>Indiania</i> of our Continent, is no child's play(--)it is the enterprise of giants and prudent soldiers, and, at pres
ent, all this is merely in its adolescence and infancy.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid5588659 {\*\atrfend 416009679}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 416009679}{\*\atndate -953705422}\ltrpar 
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid5588659 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5588659 Vanishing Indian}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13448032 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb6ac3301045f785fe83d0b6d8
72ba28a5d8cea249777d2cd20f18e4b12d6a8f843409c9df77ecb850ba082d74231062ce997b55ae8fe3a00e1893f354e9555e6885647de3a8abf4fbee29bbd7
2a3150038327acf409935ed7d757e5ee14302999a654e99e393c18936c8f23a4dc072479697d1c81e51a3b13c07e4087e6b628ee8cf5c4489cf1c4d075f92a0b
44d7a07a83c82f308ac7b0a0f0fbf90c2480980b58abc733615aa2d210c2e02cb04430076a7ee833dfb6ce62e3ed7e14693e8317d8cd0433bf5c60f53fea2fe7
065bd80facb647e9e25c7fc421fd2ddb526b2e9373fed4bb902e182e97b7b461e6bfad3f010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c00000
00360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4fc7060abb08
84a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b63095120f88d94fbc
52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462a1a82fe353
bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468
656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b4b0d592c9c
070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b4757e8d3f7
29e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100af2514d3ba060000581a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65
312e786d6cec59cf6fdb3614be0fd8ff20e8eefa9724db419dc296ed666bd216b5dba147daa62d369464887452a32830b4c701038675c30e2bb0db0ec3b6022d
b04bf7d764ebb075c0fe853d52b24cdaf49206390443938b457deff1e37be4f748f1eab58721b58e70c2481c35edf295926de168148f49346dda7707bd42ddb6
1847d118d138c24d7b81997d6df7c30faea21d1ee0105b601fb11dd4b403ce673bc5221b41336257e2198ee0dd244e42c4e1319916c7093a06bf212d564a25af
182212d9568442707b6b3221236c0d844b7b77e9bc4be131e24c348c68d217aeb16621b1e3c3b240b005f369621d21dab4a19f717c3cc00fb96d51c438bc68da
25f9671777af16d14e6644f9165bc5ae27ff32bbcc607c58917d26d361dea9e3b88ed7cafd4b00e59bb86eadeb75bddc9f04a0d108469a72517dbaed46bbe366
580594fe34f8eed43ad5b28657fc573738b75cf1afe12528f5ef6ce07b3d1fa2a8e12528c5bb1b78c7a9557c47c34b508af736f0b552abe3d434bc0405944487
1be892eb55fde56873c824a67b4678c3757ab54ae67c8582d990cf2ed1c5248ef8b6b916a20771d203800052c44964f1c50c4fd00866b18f281926c4da27d380
8b6ed00e46cafbb469c4369a448f161b2564c69bf6c73304eb62e5f59fd73ffef3faa575f2e4d5c9935f4e9e3e3d79f273ea48b3da43d154b57afbfd177f3fff
d4faebe5776f9f7d65c63315fffb4f9ffdf6eb9766202ca2159d375fbff8e3d58b37df7cfee70fcf0cf05682862a7c4042ccac9bf8d8ba1387303019159d391e
26ef66310810512d5ad194a108895e0cfebb3cd0d03717882203ae8df508de4b40444cc0ebf3071ae17e90cc393178bc11841af0208e693b4e8c51b821fa52c2
3c98475373e7c95cc5dd41e8c8d4b78f222dbfddf90cd493985cfa01d668dea628e2688a23cc2df12e3ec4d830bafb8468713d20a32466f1845bf789d546c418
9201196ab36965b44742c8cbc24410f2adc5e6e09ed58ea969d41d7ca4236155206a203fc0540be37534e72834b91ca090aa01df473c3091ec2f92918aeb320e
999e621a5bdd3166cc64732b81f12a49bf0102624efb015d843a32e1e4d0e4731fc5b18aecc4877e80c29909db2751a0623f6287304591753be626f841acaf10
f10c7940d1d674df23584bf7e96a7017b453a5b49a20e2cd3c31e4f23a8eb5f9db5fd009c2526a40da35c50e4974aa7ca73d5c9c708354bef9f6b981f76595ec
56428c6b666f4da8b7e1d6e5d98f9331b9fceadc41f3e8368605b159a2de8bf37b71b6fff7e2bc6d3d5fbc24af5418045a6c06d3edb6dc7c875bf7de1342699f
2f28de6772fbcda0f68c7bd028ece4b913e767b159003fc54a860e34dc3441d2c64a62fe09e1413f4033d8ba976de164ca32d75366cd62064746d96cf42df074
1e1ec4e3f4c8592e8be3652a1e0cf1557bc9cddbe1b8c053b4575b1da372f792ed541e77970484edbb90503ad349540d246acb46112479b886a01948c8915d08
8b8681455db85fa66a830550cbb3029b230bb6544ddb75c0048ce0cc84281e8b3ca5a95e665726f32233bd2d98da0c28c1778d6c06ac32dd105cb70e4f8c2e9d
6a67c8b44642996e3a09191959c35880c6389b9da2f52c34de35d78d554a357a2214592c141ab5fa7fb1386faec16e5d1b68a42a058dace3a6ed555d98322334
6bda1338bac3cf70067387894d2da253f8fe35e249bae0cfa32cb384f10e62411a70293aa91a8484e3c4a2246cda62f8791a68243544722b5740102e2db906c8
ca65230749d7938c27133ce26ada951611e9f411143ed50ae35b697e7eb0b08ce790ee7e303eb686749edc4130c5dc5a5904704c187cdf29a7d11c13f824990b
d96afead15a64c76d56f82720ea5ed88ce0294551455cc53b894f29c8e7cca63a03c656386802a21c90ae1702a0aac1a54ad9ae65523e5b0b5ea9e6e2422a788
e6aa666aaa22aaa659c5b41e9665602d96e72bf20aab6588a15caa153e95ee75c96d2cb56e6d9f90570908781e3f43d53d434150a8ad3ad3a809c69b322c343b
6bd56bc77280a7503b4b915054df5bba5d8b5b5e238cdd41e3b92a3fd8adcf5a689a2cf79532d2f2ee42bd5e88870f403c3af021774e3993a984cb8304c186a8
2ff724a96cc01279c8b3a501bfac79429af6a392db72fc8aeb174a75b75b70aa4ea950775bd542cb75abe5ae5b2e75da95c75058781096ddf4dea4071f9be822
bb3d91ed1b3728e1f27bda95511c166379435294c4e50d4ab992dda0c81b98a66dbc4ab108a8cf23afd26b541b6dafd0a8b67a05a7d3ae171abed72e743cbfd6
e9757cb7dee83db6ad2309765a55dff1baf58257f6fd82e395c438ea8d42cda9545a4ead55ef3aadc7d97e064290ea48161488b324b8fb2f000000ffff030050
4b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e
72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae9
95719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757d
a0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d00
14000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d
0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b000000000000000000000000002b0100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800
000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000140200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b
01022d0014000600080000002100af2514d3ba060000581a00001600000000000000000000000000d10200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e78
6d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000bf0900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000ba0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax267\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;}}{\*\datastore 0105000002000000180000004d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e352e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffffec69d9888b8b3d4c859eaf6cd158be0f00000000000000000000000080a1
3f9dd36fd001feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}