{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}
{\f38\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0502040204020203}Segoe UI;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f50\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f382\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria Math CE;}{\f383\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Math Cyr;}
{\f385\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Math Greek;}{\f386\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Math Tur;}{\f389\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Math Baltic;}{\f390\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria Math (Vietnamese);}
{\f422\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Segoe UI CE;}{\f423\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Segoe UI Cyr;}{\f425\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Segoe UI Greek;}{\f426\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Segoe UI Tur;}
{\f427\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Segoe UI (Hebrew);}{\f428\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Segoe UI (Arabic);}{\f429\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Segoe UI Baltic;}{\f430\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Segoe UI (Vietnamese);}
{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}
{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}
{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs16 \sbasedon10 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid3017506 annotation reference;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 \slink17 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid3017506 annotation text;}{\*\cs17 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20 
\sbasedon10 \slink16 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid3017506 Comment Text Char;}{\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon16 \snext16 \slink19 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid3017506 annotation subject;}{\*\cs19 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs20 
\sbasedon17 \slink18 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid3017506 Comment Subject Char;}{\s20\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af38\afs18\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f38\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext20 \slink21 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid3017506 Balloon Text;}{\*\cs21 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af38\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f38\fs18 
\sbasedon10 \slink20 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid3017506 Balloon Text Char;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid352983\rsid2770149\rsid3017506\rsid3492099\rsid7022368\rsid8473216\rsid13448032}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0
\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\author Sara Schwebel}{\operator Sara Schwebel}{\creatim\yr2014\mo7\dy28\hr20\min50}{\revtim\yr2014\mo8\dy29\hr22\min37}{\version5}{\edmins126}{\nofpages12}{\nofwords6479}{\nofchars36932}
{\nofcharsws43325}{\vern57437}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont1\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen
\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot2770149\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit\usenormstyforlist\noindnmbrts\felnbrelev\nocxsptable\indrlsweleven\noafcnsttbl\afelev\utinl\hwelev\spltpgpar\notcvasp\notbrkcnstfrctbl\notvatxbx\krnprsnet\cachedcolbal \nouicompat \fet0
{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\nofeaturethrottle1\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid2770149 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2770149 Narrative
\par 
\par of
\par 
\par a Seafaring life on the coast of California.
\par 
\par By
\par 
\par Carl Dittmann,
\par 
\par otherwise known as Charley Brown.
\par 
\par A pioneer of 1844.
\par 
\par Dictated by himself to E. F. Murray,
\par 
\par For
\par 
\par 
\par Bancroft Library
\par 
\par 1878.
\par  
\par Carl Ditman
\par 
\par (a)
\par 
\par Charley Brown 
\par 
\par My right name is Carl Ditman although I am generally called Charley Brown having adopted this latter name while I was a sailor. My native place is \'dcckam\'fc
nde, about 30 miles from Berlin, Prussia. I went to sea while still a boy, making my first voyage with Capt. Ratman who belonged in my town. I continued to follow the sea, gradually rising from my first position as a cooks boy to ablebodied seaman.
\par 
\par At the age of 19 having already followed the sea 2 years I shipped on board an old bark in ballast, called the Martinet, commanded by Capt. Morton, bound for Quebec. It was in the month of July when we left Liverpool. The vessel leaked badly, so that it w
a
s necessary to work the pumps day and & night continually. The weather was also very cold so that being almost constantly wet, & no clothes with to change, my kit having been stolen on the boarding home in Liverpool previous to sailing, I suffered very mu
c
h. Upon our return to Liverpool I left the vessel determined to make no more voyages to cold climates. I next shipped in a vessel for the West Indies. Here I was taken sick with the fever. I then spoke Eng. moderately well & so used no German. In the hosp
ital in _____ where I was taken when I fell sick there were several German nurses. One of them attended the beds among which I lay.
\par 
\par My next neighbor was hopelessly sick with fever & one day the nurses came to give him his medicine. As he did so be said in 
German, not knowing that any one near could understand him, "That will be the last of you poor fellow." I got out of that hospital just as soon as I could. I soon recovered & returned to Liverpool with my ship. Here I shipped again on an old brig called t
he "Euphemia\'94 for the round trip to Valparaiso.
\par 
\par At Valparaiso however she was chartered & instead of going back to Liverpool we started for to Cal. Our vessel had been chartered by Capts. (John) Wilson & (James) Scott, of upper Cal. She was loaded with an 
assorted cargo & was to call at so many ports on the California Coast & remain so long in each place. They came on board bringing most of the crew of their own vessel which they had just sold. Here we got caught in a severe Norther, & our 1st Mate in tryi
ng to secure a gun on deck during the gale had his foot crushed so badly that he died in the hospital before we left. Capt. Wilson\rquote 
s Mate took his place. From Valparaiso we went to Callao & thence to Honolulu. While lying here we were all given liberty & on
e dollar each to spend. One of our crew, a Scotchman by the name of Jack, remained over his time so that a short time after when we were again given liberty he was not allowed to go on shore. The next time he did get ashore he went at once to the English 
Consul & reported the vessel as unseaworthy. The Consuls called the Caps. & told him of the report & informing that unless he could induce the man to withdraw the complaint he would have to inspect the vessel & condemn her if found as reported. 
\par 
\par Capt Nightingale, our capt returned soon after to the Consul & assured him that he had made everything all right with the man, although he had in reality be had said nothing to us. 
\par 
\par Jack the Scotchman was not to be foiled in this manner. After waiting a few days he
 suspected that the Capt. had put a stop to the investigation which the Consul was in duty bound to make in view of the complains. He went a second time & several of us accompanied him. He asked the Consul why his complains had been neglected & upon learn
i
ng the action of Capt Nightingale, he repeated his complains in which we all joined his & we also declared that no understanding had been arrived at between the Capt & the crew. The next day two Capts were sent down, & after a careful examination they pro
n
ounced he[r] totally unseaeworthy, whereupon the Consul condemned her. As charterers Capts Scott & Wilson were required to have her repaired & not a pound of her cargo could they remove until such repairs were completed. They took advantage of Capt Nighti
n
gale who was a drunken character, & while under the influence of liquor persuaded him to sign a paper relieving them of all responsibility. This accomplished they took their cargo out of the vessel & transferred it to an Hermaphrodite brig which they boug
h
t here. The crew were all discharged here & received certificates of the ships indebtedness to them but they could obtain no money until it should came from the Old Country. Three of us shipped on the brig, the rest of the crew being made up from the men 
Scott & Wilson had brought with them, among whom were several Kanakas. From Honolulu we came direct to Monterrey. Arrived here the goods were all landed & placed in the Custom House. The duties at that time were very heavy. 
\par 
\par As soon as we got got the cargo all on shore, a Kanaka & I were sent to watch it with the mate. This was what is known as a 'soft billet' among the sailors. 
\par 
\par The trust & confidence shown by Scott & Wilson aroused the jealousy of the boatswain who tried by false reports to influence the
m against me, as he thought he should have been appointed to the light and & agreeable task of watching the cargo. Soon after our arrival here Scott & Wilson's mates called Reynolds, left as he belonged in S. F. where he went by the first ship. From Monte
rey having reshipped our goods we came direct to Sta. Barbara arriving here in 1844.
\par 
\par Here the goods were again landed & I was detailed to superintend the Transportation in ox-carts from the beach to the store-house, which was the old adobe building that on
e still standing just below Cooks building & a little off State St. Here I remained all the summer of 1844 in charge of the store house while the Brig was trading up & down the coast. The boatswain was discharged here & again tried to influence Capt Scott
 
against me by false reports. This time I gave a good clubbing, very near breaking his arm. Soon after this affair I asked for & received my discharge, & began to go with the otter hunters. I made my first trip with (Isaac) Sparks (George) Nidever & (James
)
 Breck, about April of 1845. Besides myself there were in the crew four (4) Kanakas, 3 of them steersman & a cook; an American sailor by the name of Evans & 3 Mission (?) indians, 1 from San Luis Rey, 1 from San Gabriel & the other that was with Breck fro
m
 the Talares. We were taken to the Cerros Island in the Bolivar owned by Capt. A. B. Thompson, which after landing us with boats, supplies & materials for building a large boat proceeded to Mazatlan where she was shortly sold. The first month little else 
w
as done but fix up camp & hunt a few wild goats. At the end of this time the three hunters started off with their boat crews for the N. side of the Island, leaving Evans & I with one Kanaka to get the timber in shape for the boat. They were gone some 20 d
a
ys & returned with only 6 or 7 otter, the weather being too rough for hunting. About a week later Breck & Nidever fitted up their boats & went over to Morrow Hermosa on a hunt. Sparks & the rest of the men remained to assist in putting the boat together. 

\par 
\par A week later Nidever & Breck came back bringing with them 27 otter skins, many of them undried, having been unable to find sticks with which to stake them oat. From 6 to 7 days after their arrival, the boat being completed, we hid some of our supplies on 
the Island & all went over to Morrow Hermoso. Our new boat was of 4 or 5 tons burthen schn. rigged & a good sailer in a free wind, but she had no keel. At Morrow Hermoso we all went ashore, camped & remained nearly a month, killing about 58 otter more, ma
k
ing in all about 85 Otter that we got here. I had charge of the new boat & made several trips to the Cerros Island for water there being none where we camped. Upon leaving Morrow Hermoso we crossed to Cerros Island, where we stopped for our cache. Rough w
eather kept us here over a week. We hunted some on our way up so that we arrived at Sta. Barbara with something like 102 otter skins. We got home sometime in Aug, Evans & I were paid $16 per month; the Kanakas $12, & the Indians 8 to 10 dollars & found. 

\par 
\par A
bout March of 1846, Nidever Bill Fife & (Redding) McCoy fitted out for a trip up the coast. I had charge of our boat, a large surf boat in which we carried our supplies. The boat we built the year before at Cerros Island we turned over to Thompson, he hav
i
ng furnished the material with which to build it. I was afterwards used in miming between Santa Barbara & the Santa Rosa Island & was manned by Kanakas. Our crew this trip were all Mission Indians from various Missions. We hunted up the Coast arriving at 
M
onterey some time in July of 1846, and found the Americans already in possession of it. Here we learned for the first time of the war with Mexico. Although we had landed along the Coast at several plated we found all the reaches deserted & were therefore 
u
nable to get any news. Having taken in additional supplies at Monterey we proceeded up the coast, hunting whenever otter were to be found or lying bye in rough weather. In course of time we arrived in San Francisco Bay & landed near the mouth of the Petal
u
ma Creek. It was Sunday & several of our indians went over to the San Rafael Mission. Here they were seen by some manofwar officers, who recognizing tham as strangers, asked them where they had come from. They told than whereupon two of the officers came 
o
ver to our camp. One of them was acquainted with Nidever. Finding that we had no passports he advised Nidever to go over to the Portsmouth without delay & get one, as we were liable to arrest and detention if taken without one. Accordingly that afternoon 
N
idever & I with another man took a small boat & went across the Bay to where the Portsmouth was lying; arriving there the next morning. Our passports obtained we started to return. There was a very strong wind blowing & the whole bay was covered with whit
e
 caps. Not being daunted we prepared to go, Nidever having asked the Boatswain's advise as to the best course to take, this individual advised us not to make the attempt to cross, assuring us that he would not risk his life in such a boat in such weather.
 He said however, that if we were determined to go that it would be best to pull up some distances before starting across. The Portsmouth was lying opposite Clark\rquote 
s Point. We took his advise & Although the manofwar sailors predicted a disaster & watched us 
as far as they could see, we arrived safely at camp in a very short time. We got soaking wet & were tossed about like a feather. Just on the right of the Petaluma creek we found a large number of otter. They had not been hunted for years this place having
 
been always claimed by Vallejo who had forbidden all persons from killing them. We killed about 20 of them & then continued up the Coast until we reached a point about 50 miles above Bodega. Here we got windbound & besides found the shore very high & rock
y. From here we returned to Tamales Bay.
\par 
\par At this place we got wind bound again, & while here McCoy while out hunting got caught & severely bitten with a bear. (He tells substantially the same story as Nidever.) From here we went to S. F. where we took in a
 few supplies. Thence to Monterey, hunting as opportunity offered on the way. At Monterey we went into camp on the point just above the town. While here we were visited by officers from several of the manofwar then at anchor in the harbor. They bought a f
ew skins from us. At a target match that was gotten up from among Fremont\rquote 
s men to show the Naval officers same good shooting our Capt. Geo Nidever was asked to join them & he did better shooting than all of them. From Monterey we proceeded down the Coast t
o just above the border of San Luis Obispo having hunted a few otter at point Suey. We landed late in the afternoon in front of a small ravine that opened out on the beach. Here we got supper. Shortly after our arrival James Breck & one of our old hunters
 
& companion & who was then living on the "Peche(?)" Ranch nearby came down to warn us against a party of Totoi Picas men that was coming out that night to attack us. After supper the Capt asked us if we wanted to pull all night again as we had done the pr
evious night or stand & fight. We said fight. 
\par 
\par Accordingly leaving the indians with two of the boats when we had landed we put our skins into a third boat & went around a point just below & landed near a high bluff. We buried our extra powder & balls in th
e sand so they could not get it, & determined if compelled to retreat to pat off with the skins which we knew they were anxious to capture. Our position under the high bluff aforementioned enabled us to fire on anyone above while it was almost impossible,
 
or at least difficult for them to fire on us, or see us in the dark. We drew lots with three pieces of straw, two short & one long, to decide who should stand guard first. The Capt drew the long one much to his dissatisfaction, as he preferred the forepar
t
 of the night for sleeping. Bill Fife & I laid down but found it impossible to sleep, & so began talking about how we would fix the Californians if they attacked us. This annoyed the Capt, who said that if we did not care to sleep that we had better get u
p & stand guard, & he would lie down. We told him that we were agreeable & so he laid down. 
\par 
\par He did not lay long as he too found it impossible to sleep, so after tossing about a while he proposed that we should continue our journey down the Coast. As he wa
s the Capt, we had nothing to say. Accordingly, we went back to where we had left our indians & the boats, taking the ammunition we had buried, & everything being ready we put off. It must have been about midnight. We afterwards heard from some of the sam
e
 party who came out to take us that they got to our camp shortly after we left as the fire was still burning. There were several of them headed by an Italian called Antonio, a regular desperado, who was killed at the Salinas two or three days afterwards. 
T
hey acknowledged that they intended to kill us all & take our skins. They thought we were frightened away at their approach as one of their men who wanted to smoke a cigarette, struck a light just before they got near our camp. They were sure they would h
a
ve caught us all if it had not been for this light. We continued to pall all the rest of that night & the next day. The next night we also continued on our journey. By this time we were well nigh worn out. Shortly after dark we tied our boats all together
 & let them drift, all lying down with the intentions of getting rest & sleep. 
\par 
\par As on the previous nights I found it utterly impossible to sleep, but this time it was housed by hunger. Accordingly I got up & began searching for something to eat. The Capt h
eard me & asked from his boat it I had not been able to sleep. I told him that I had not, whereupon he said that he too had found it impossible to sleep. He then said that we had better unfasten our boats. This was hardly accomplished when a squall of win
d and water struck in that came very near upsetting our boats. It was so dark that we could not see anything a boat\rquote 
s length off. I had a compass in my boat but I could not see the needle. The wind blew the water over us in such a heavy spray that we suppos
ed it a heavy rain at first. We could not determine from which direction the wind was blowing but supposed from the South East. The Capt wanted to put out to sea & actually started but we finally induced him to return & adopt our course of running before 
t
he wind. Just before the wind struck us we had proposed to land at Point Arguello which we supposed mast be not far away, & make same coffee & cook something, as since leaving San Luis Obispo harbor the night before we had tasted no warm food. Having fail
e
d in this I supposed the other boats would stop & land south of Point Concepcion. I had as also the others now been three nights without sleep. I was steering my boat & long before daylight I found it difficult & even impossible At times to keep my eyes o
p
en. In spite of me my eyes would close & I would get sound asleep, & only awaken when the tiller would hit me with force in the ribs. At daylight I rounded Point Concepcion where the sea was perfectly smooth. I saw that none of the other boats had landed 
&
 standing up in my boat I discovered them far ahead. I at once put on all sail and overtook them before they reached Santa Barbara. When we reached the shore we found six men (Californians) waiting for us, who barely gave as time to land, before they arre
s
ted us. The Capt, Bill Fife & I were at once taken up to Raymundo Carrillo's house & there asked our nationality. Fife being a Scotchman, & I a German, we were allowed to go, with the instruction that if we wished to leave town we must get a passport. We 
t
old them then we had no desire to leave the place, but proposed making our stay here during the winter has had been our wont. The Capt was told that he would have to go to L. A., a prisoner, as the other Americans had gone. He said he wished to remain her
e
 with his family, & did not want to be disturbed. They told him that he must go to L. A. since he was an American & that if he would not go alone he should be sent under guard. He promised them that he would go alone, but instead of going he went out into
 
the foot hills near Montecito where he remained until Fremont came, & then joined him. About the same time that Capt Nidever was advised to go to Los Angeles, several Americans were arrested & taken down there& among them Capt. A.B. Thompson. He hired me 
to take charge of his house, which I did until his brother came out about a month after. 
\par 
\par When Fremont came here with his man he went into camp back of the present sits of the Sisters School. He had about 200 men I should think some of them very 
wild characters. I saw two of them shooting at a target one day. The distance was about 70 or 80 yards. The sun shone on the target, so one of them took a mochitla & shaded the target, standing within a few feet of it while the other shot at it. While her
e too, two of them got into a row when one seised an axe & would have split the others head open if he had not been prevented. 
\par 
\par Capt. Nidever & Mr. Sparks joined Fremont here. A hunter by the name of Halstead who went up with us & joined Fremont at Montere
y, tried to get me to join here but I did not come to. This winter I remained in Santa Barbara, until April of 1847 when I went over land to S. F. with McCoy & Bill Fife. In S. F. we built 3 boats, there being no lumber for that purpose in Santa Barbara. 
H
aving finished our boats we west over to Saucelito to keep our men from getting drunk & leaving us. Our crew not being complete, McCoy returned to S. F. to get 1 or 2 men, & on the trip lost his boat. Fortunately he had another one still serviceable altho
u
gh old, which he had left in S. F. on his former trip. From Saucelito we went up the Coast as far as Point Reyes. We found no otter except at the Bolinas where we got a doz. perhaps. From Point Reyes we came down to S. F. where we refitted & thence contin
ued down the Coast hunting at Half Moon Bay, Point A\'f1
o Nueva & several other points until have reached Sta Barbara. At the Rancho Ortega I had a quarrel with McCoy owing to his taking my boat which was one of the new ones for his & and compelling me to take
 his old one, which leaked. Upon our arrival in Santa Barba in Aug. (of 1847) I left them. Here they refitted about 2 weeks later & with Nidever went on a hunt to the Islands. 
\par 
\par This winter I remained on shore & cultivated a garden for a few months, but fi
nding that it would not pay abandoned it. In 1848 I hunted deer, for their skins, on the San Marcos Rancho. In the fall of this year the Tulore Indians made their last raid on the stock of the Ranchos in this section. George Islip, a Canadian was the majo
r
domo of the San Marcos & he and I were the only white men there, although there were several Mission Indians under the charge of Islip. I noticed several strange horses on the ranch, while out one day & reported it to Islip. We went out together & found 1
2
 or 15 horses of different brands & we also struck the trail of a number of Indians. Upon questioning the Indians at the ranch they confessed that there had been a number of Indians there who had spoken with them & had told them that they intended to kill
 
Islip & me but were afraid of our guns. We lost no tine in sending word into the town to the authorities but before they could send a party out the indians were out of their reach & after an unsuccessful pursuit they took the horses that were identified b
y their owners & returned to Sta Barba. 
\par 
\par While hunting deer I averaged about $30 per month. In Aug. of this year Islip & I started up the Coast, on foot, & without any boat, to hunt Otter. We killed one but the beach being rocky & the surf bad at that poin
t we did not dare to swim out for it & so it was floated away & lost. This so discouraged Islip that we turned back. On the way we met sane parties from the mines who showed as a nugget of gold, & this decided us to try our fortune at the diggings. We fit
t
ed out for our trip & were about to start when Islip fell sick & the trip was abandoned for the time being at least. In March of 1849, Islip having recovered from his sickness we started from here taking with us two Ind[ians] for the Stan-talent diggings.
 
At San Luis Obispo we were joined by Julian Foxen & others. I remained in these diggings about two months when I returned to Santa Barbara, bringing as the result of my labor $1,030 in gold. I had returned with the intention of taking several indians back
 
to work for me. Before I was ready I was taken sick, & when I recovered I was persuaded to remain here a short time & help kill some cattle. While engaged in this all of my horses were stolen, & it was not until the Spring of 1850 that I again found it po
s
sible to return to the mines. This time I took but one indian with me. We went to the same diggings, but after 4 mos. work succeeded in getting only $500. Having returned to Santa Barbara I worked at different things until April 1851, when Nidever & I wit
h
 one indian & a single boat made a hunt up the Coast as far as San Simeon. We found it impossible to run Otter with one boat so we returned, having made a very poor hunt, & gone 2 months. Soon after my return I began building a boat with Forbush. We built
 
it in just 6 days, & gave it the name of the 4th of July, launching it on that day. We made a short trip to the Islands & hunted around at Sta Rosa & San Miguel. There are no otter around the Sta Cruz Island unless it is an occasional stray one that has b
e
en driven away from the schools by the old bulls. Nidever & I together with our indians were gone about 2 months, & returned with 34 otter skins. The following Winter & Spring I remained on shore. In the Fall of 1851 Nidever was employed for a short time 
in piloting a Govt. survey vessel among the Islands. The next Spring he went up to San Francisco, bought a schn, brought down lumber & soon after built the house he now lives in, remaining on shore that year. This year I too, staid ashore. 
\par 
\par In April of 1853 I went down to Lower Cal. with Forbush & Nidever, in the latter\rquote 
s schn. We went to Turtle Bay where we expected to find gold. Capt. Barney an old whaling capt, & then capt of this port, having assured Forbush that his sailors had found gold quartz there.
 From Sta Barbara we went to Sta Catalina Island & in overhauling the schn, we found a large hole in her bottom, & the rudder hanging by one pin. From here we went to Cerros Island, took in water & thence to Morrow Hermoso. At this latter place we went on
 shore & remained a week or two, during which time I shot one otter off shore. While here too, Capt\rquote 
s. Jones & Brown with two boats arrived from Turtle Bay, where they had been painting their large boat. We had one hunt together but got nothing, after which we parted, they proceeding to Cerros Island & we to Turtle Bay. 
\par 
\par Our crew consisted of Tom Jefferies an English sailor, & two indians besides Nidever, Forbush, & me. Arrived at Turtle Bay Nidever & Forbush went up in the mts in search of gold. I remained
 in charge of the boats lest the men should leave with them. Jefferies & I caught several turtles here & boiled them, so that we had turtle meat most of the way back to Santa Barbara. After a short hunt Nidever & Forbush returned without finding any gold,
 whereupon we set sail on our return. 
\par 
\par Stevens & Brown joined us at Cacalo, where we hunted together, securing 2 or 3 otter. Thence we came direct to Santa Barbara, having teen gone about 2 1/2 months. 
\par 
\par I forgot to mention that in the Fall of 1852 I made a trip to the San Nicholas island. 
\par 
\par The same day we arrived Nidever & I with two indians of our crew went ashore to see where the otter lay. At the lower end we discovered quite a school of them. Two days after we again landed about the middle of the Isla
nd & followed along the bank towards its head. 
\par 
\par We kept a sharp lookout for signs of the indian woman, the fathers at the L'issiaa having requested us to search for her. Within about 1/2 mile from the head of the island we struck a wide low sandy flat tha
t extended from one side of the island to the other. Here among some bushes or small trees called by the Californians Malva Real, placed in a crotch or fork of one of the trees we found a basket woven of grass, oblong in shape, 3 ft. long, 1 1/2 ft.wide &
 
about 14 in. deep, & covered with a Piece of seal skin. Its contents we found were a dress or gown made of the skin of the shag, several skins of the same bird cut in a square shape, bone needles, & knives, fish-hooks made of the abalone shell, & a rope m
a
de of sinews, about 1/2 in. in diameter & fully 25 ft. long. This sinew rope was twisted as evenly as the best rope I have ever seen. I think that it was used in snaring seals, by making a noose & spreading it on the rocks near the beach where the seals w
e
re accustomed to sleep. The things were all nicely laid together in the basket when we found them, & after examining them I was disposed to replace them & return the basket to the place we had found it. Nidever however, thought that it would be better to 
l
eave the things strewn about an the ground, so that on our next visit to this place we might be sure she was still alive & on the Island if they were found replaced in the basket. Accordingly we left them scattered about. We returned to the vessel intendi
n
g to make further search as soon as we could find time, but the next two or three days were taken up in hunting otter, & the fourth day a strong wind sprang up that soon turned into a gale. We remained nearby 6 or 7 days in hopes that the blow would stop,
 
but at the end of that time there being no signs of it going down & the swell becoming so heavy we did lot deem it safe to remain longer. Accordingly we ran across to the San Miguel Island, where we found a better harbor than even that of Santa Barbara. I
n approaching San Miguel, Nidever became somewhat excited & very nearly ran us on a reef. 
\par 
\par From San Miguel we returned to Santa Barbara, where I remained the following winter, Nidever going back to the San Miguel Island which he had stocked. 
\par 
\par We returned 
from our trip to Turtle Bay the latter part of June 1853 &a few days after refitted for a hunt among the Islands & especially to hunt around the San Nicholas, as at this season we were not likely to be driven away by a storm as on our previous trip. Then 
t
oo, there were a large number of otter around the Island there having been no hunters there for several years, & we wished to secure them before others should go there. We went first to San Miguel & thence to San Nicolas where we arrived early in the afte
r
noon. We came to anchor on the N.E. side about the middle of the Island. As soon as we came to anchor Nidever & I went on shore for the purpose of seeing where the otter lay & also to pick out a site for our camp as we intended to make a long stay & would
 move on shore the next day. We took two of our indians with us & left them in charge of the boat, while Nidever & I proceeded towards the head of the Island. 
\par 
\par On the way we sew several dogs that looked very much like a coyote excepting in color watch was 
black & white, they were quite wild & ran away as soon as we came in sight. Arrived at the head of the Island Nidever said that he was tired & sat down to rest. I continued along near the shore however, sanded the point at the head of the Island & went a 
l
ong distance down the other side. Not far from the head I found the foot prints leading from the beach up over the bank & thence up on to the ridge above, I followed them until they disappeared in a kind of moss with which the ground was covered, a short 
d
istance above the bank. As it was growing late I returned to where I had left Nidever & reported what I had seen. He said at first that they might be the tracks of one of our indians , but, he afterwards admitted that it was impossible for them to have go
t
 ahead of us, & I too was sure that the foot prints were too small for those of a man. Nidever however, was not very sanguine about finding her as he had come to the conclusion that the dogs had eaten her & was very doubtful if even her bones could be fou
n
d. He decided however to make a thorough examination of the upper end of the Island especially the high ridge which lay between the low sandy flat & the head of the Island. Accordingly after breakfast the next day, we took all of our men excepting the coo
k
 & proceeded to the low sandy flat aforementioned. Here I took them, 3 indians & an Irishman, & stretched Them in a line across this end of the flat, we passed across to the other side, leaving Nidever to follow along near the shore to the head of the Isl
a
nd over the same course he & I had taken the evening before. We reached the other side of the Island without finding a trace of the woman. I sent the men back with instructions to search thoroughly along both borders of the flat & especially to visit the 
bushes where we had found the basket on our previous visit to the Island. I did not return with them but went up that side of the Island until I struck the footprints I had discovered the day before. 
\par 
\par I followed the tracks up over the bank & from the point
 where they could no longer be seen continued to ascend the ridge. About half way up I found a small piece of drift wood which I concluded she must have dropped on her way from the beach with fire wood. From where I found the piece of drift wood I could s
ee three huts farther up the ridge & having gone up to them I found them constructed of whales\rquote 
 ribs and covered with brush although they were open all around & the high grass growing within them showed that they could not have been occupied for some time. 
From this point I could look over the whole length & breadth of the ridge & the sand flat beyond where I could plainly see our men moving about. 
\par 
\par I began to look about me, & finally discovered at a distance on the N.E. side of the ridge & about halfway to
 its top, a small black object that from where I stood looked like a crow seated on a bush. I thought I saw it move, & so went towards it. I soon discovered that it was the indian woman. She was seated within an inclosure similar to those already describe
d
 so that until quite near her I could see only her head and shoulders. I approached her cautiously & was enabled to get within a few yards of her unobserved as she had her face turned from the direction in which I had came. While I was still some distance
 
away two dogs, probably the same we had seen the day before began to growl, whereupon she gave a yell & they went away, but she did not tarn around. From this point I could plainly see our men searching about on the sandy flat, & I signaled to them by pla
c
ing my hat on the ramrod of my gun & raising & lowering it until I succeeded in attracting their attention, when I made signs for them to come. The Old woman saw them also, as every few minutes she would look towards the flat, shading her eyes from the su
n
 with her hand & talking rapidly to herself. While the men were coming towards me I had an opportunity of observing the old woman & her surroundings. She was seated cross legged on the ground & was engaged in separating the blubber from a piece of seal sk
i
n which was lying across one knee & held by one hand. In the other hand she grasped a rude knife, a piece of iron hoop thrust into a rough piece of wood for a handle & held so that the back of the hand was turned down, scraping & cutting from instead of t
o
wards her. Just outside of the enclosure there was a high pile of ashes & bones showing that she had lived in this place some time. Baskets of grass & vessels of the same material made in the shape of a flagon & lined with asphaltum, used to hold water, w
e
re scattered about. On a sinew rope stretched between two poles, several feet above the ground where hanging pieces of seals blubber, while near her was the head of a seal from which the brains, already putrid were running. Her covering consisted of a sin
g
le garment of the shags skin, the feathers out & pointing downward, in a shape resembling a loose gown. It was sleeveless, low in the neck & was girded at the waist with a sinew rope. When she stood up, as I afterwards observed, it extended nearly to her 
ankles. She had no covering on her head, her hair which was thickly matted, & bleached to a reddish brown, hung down to her shoulders. 
\par 
\par As soon as the men came near enough I made signs for them to spread out, & approach her in a circle, lest she should attempt to escape. While they were still some distance away, but sufficiently near to prevent her escape{\*\atrfstart 397114601}
. I stepped around in front of her,
 but instead of seeing her startled & alarmed. I was surprised to have her bow & smile, as though it was a delight to see me & my visit an everyday occurrence. She began a rapid talking & gesticulating, all of which was wholly unintelligible to me. As fas
t as the men approached her she also bowed smiled & talked to them. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid3017506 {\*\atrfend 397114601}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397114601}
{\*\atndate 656926112}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid3017506 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid7022368 Indian Queen}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2770149 
They all sat dawn in a circle around her while I made signals to Nidever who was in sight to come to us. After same delay he came up & we sat down with the men. T
aking some roots from two bags or sacks made of grass she placed them in the coals & as soon as they were roasted she passed them around making motions for us to eat. One of the roots was what is commonly called corcomite among the Californians; the other
 
I do not know the name of. The indians among our men tried to talk with the ()lawmen but did not succeed in making themselves understood, neither could they comprehend her language. Nidever asked the indians if they thought the old woman could be taken by
 
force if necessary. They replied that there would be no difficulty. Hearing this I told Nidever I did not think there would be any necessity of using force, & that if she could be made to understand what was wanted that she would willingly go with us. Pat
t
ing her on the shoulder to attract her attention I went through the motions of packing her things in to the baskets, placing this on my back & walk-ing off in the direction of the Beach, & then said vamos the sch. for let us go. The motions she no doubt u
nderstood, but the word vamos seemed to be more intelligible, as upon hearing it her face brightened up & she set to work with alacrity to get ready. She filled her baskets & in the larger one she place[d] the seal\rquote 
s head after replacing the putrid brains &
 tearing from it bits of adhering flesh. This basket she raised to her back & secured with straps passing over her shoulders & under her arms. She took other articles in her hands & started off towards the beach with a load that seemed heavy enough for [a
]
 mule. Two of our indians went ahead of her while Nidever & I brought up the rear to guard against any attempt at escape, although no such precaution was necessary. Upon reaching the beach we stopped at a spring that forms a little pool of water under a s
o
rt of mound of rocks, & situated but a few yards from the beach. One of the peculiarities of this spring was its surface, which is a[t] all times ruffled with a cool breeze which seems to be continually playing over the pool. I noticed it on this occasion
 & at several times afterwards. The water was invariably clear & cool. Its source I should judge must have been high up In the ridge. Around this spring were several poles erected & on these we hung the things we had brought from the old woman\rquote 
s place, for 
each one of us had our hands full, & made motions for the old woman to do the same. We hung the things up very carefully & the old woman followed oar example without , to all appearances, the least reluctance. In the cracks & fissures of the rocks that fo
r
med the mound we found thrust numbers of bones which we afterwards came to the conclusion had been placed there by the old woman, to furnish her with food in times of need. I afterwards noticed that she always saved the bones contained in her food; placin
g
 them in her baskets, to be taken out at intervals & sucked until they were cleaned of every particle of meat. She also saved the scraps of food that were left & ate them when she felt hungry. She ate very little at a time, but took food several times dur
ing the day. 
\par 
\par From this spring we proceeded along the beach or rather on top of the bank until we arrived at a path that lead down to another spring on the beach. The men who were still ahead continued along the bank but the old woman went down the path to
 the spring. We saw she intended to wash herself, & so withdrew & waited until she returned when we continued along the bank to the boat. We made motions for her to get into the boat, which she did with out any hesitation, & crawled forward to the bow & t
here knelt down, holding on to the side with her hands. Arrived on board she crept up to the galley\rquote 
s stove which was on deck, & made signs that it was warm there. We had dinner as soon as we got on board & gave the old woman some of our food. She ate heart
ily & with an apparent relish & our food at this & and in fact at all times seemed to agree with her. That afternoon I busied myself on making a petticoat or skirt for her, out of ticking, & this with a man[\lquote 
]s shirt, a black necktie & an old cape or cloak
 that Nidever gave her completed the dress she afterwards wore while with us on the Island. The following day we went on shore & put up a tent or shelter near the beach at a point already selected. Nearby we made a species of hut for the old woman who see
m
ed perfectly contented with us making no attempt to leave, although the opportunity was not wanting. Here we remained about a month. The old woman remained in camp with the cook, one of the Mission indians, the rest of us being away after otter the greate
r part of each day. The old woman\rquote s chief occupation was working on her baskets, of which she had several not yet completed, wandering about on the Island, or bringing wood & water. {\*\atrfstart 397114602}
She was always anxious to help when she saw an opportunity of making herself useful. She was always cheerful, & always talking & laughing. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid3492099 {\*\atrfend 397114602}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor 
Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397114602}{\*\atndate 656926122}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid3492099 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7022368 Noble Savage}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2770149 
She took readily to our food & only on one occasion showed any disposition to return to her former food. I killed an otter from shore one morning, & after hauling it
 ashore and skinning it were about to throw the carcass in the water, to prevent it becoming offensive near camp. It had been dragged down to the edge of the water & was about being thrown in when the old woman came running down to where it lay, talking &
 
gesticulating excitedly, caught the otter by the flipper & hauled it back to where it had been skinned. Then she made signs to as that, that was an inexcusable waste of meat. To humor her we let it remain where she had dragged until it began to smell so s
t
rong that it was found necessary to remove the carcass. This time she made no objections, but on the contrary made signs that we should take it away, at the same time, to show her disgust she held her nose & made us understand that that meat was bad, & th
e
n pointing to our[s] & smacking her lips that she liked that better. The otter was a female & was with young, which she would have given birth to in a few days. We took the young one & after skinning it carefully, stuffed the skin & gave It to the old wom
an. She at once hung it by a string to the roof of her hut, & lying on her back under it would amuse herself for hours at a time by swinging it backwards and forwards. About a month later having secured something over 80 otter ski
ns, & the otter having scattered we started on our return. We had hardly left the Island when a gale sprang up so violent that several times we thought that we should have to return to the Island. Late in the after noon however we arrived in safety under 
the lee of the Santa Cruz island & the next morning early reached Santa Barbara. {\*\atrfstart 397114604}
When the gale sprang up after leaving the Island the old woman made algae to us that she was going to stop the wind. Accordingly she got down on her knees & remained so for som
e time apparently engaged in prayer, & facing in the direction of the wind. This she repeated several times during the day until the storm abated late in the afternoon, when turning to us she made signs that her prayers had been answered. }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid3492099 {\*\atrfend 397114604}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397114604}{\*\atndate 656926124}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid3492099 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7022368 Indian Queen}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2770149 {\*\atrfstart 397114956}
On approaching the beach at Santa Barbara she saw, evidently for the first time, an ox cart, & a man on horse back, at first sight of them he[r] delight was unbounded. She laughed & danced, & continued to point at them & talk about th
em as long as they were in sight. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid7022368 {\*\atrfend 397114956}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397114956}{\*\atndate -1490489951}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\insrsid7022368 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7022368 Noble Savage}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2770149 
\par 
\par From the beach we took her to Nidever\rquote s house where she remained until her death which took place about seven weeks from the time she landed. 
\par 
\par The Fathers at the Mission sent for indians from 
different points in the hopes of finding come one among them who could converse with her but as far as I could learn were unsuccessful. The same day she arrived & for weeks afterwards the house was crowded with people that had come to get a sight at her &
 her things which we had brought from the Island. {\*\atrfstart 397114984}
She often sang & danced for them, putting on her dress of bird skins. Visitors made her presents of trinkets & sometimes of money but she placed no value on one or the other, unless it be the pleasure she fe
lt in dividing them among the children of Nidever\rquote s family. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid7022368 {\*\atrfend 397114984}{\*\atnid SS}{\*\atnauthor Sara Schwebel}\chatn {\*\annotation{\*\atnref 397114984}
{\*\atndate -1490489950}\ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\insrsid7022368 \chatn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7022368 Noble Savage}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2770149 
Several proposals were made us by parties to take her to San Francisco on exhibition, but we rejected them all, having become too much attached to her to consent to such an arrangement. Nidever\rquote 
s family took good care of the old woman but I think they allowed her to eat freely of fruit & vegetables. About a month after we brought her ashore Nidever & I went up to San Francisco & while away the old woman died. 
\par 
\par Her things were given to Father Gonzalez, who I understand sent them to Rome. 
\par 
\par Since the last date I have continued to live in Santa Barbara.
\par 
\par The foregoing statement was dictated by me to Mr. E. F. Murray, and having been carefully read by me I certify that it is correct
\par 
\par Santa Barbara, Cal, \} Carl Dittmann
\par Oc., 28, 1878}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13448032 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100aa5225dfc60600008b1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595d8bdb46147d2ff43f08bd3bfe92fcb1c41b6cd9ceb6d94d42eca4e4716c8fadc98e344633de8d0981923c160aa569e943037deb
43691b48a02fe9afd936a54d217fa17746b63c638fbb9b2585a5640d8b343af7ce997bafce1d4997afdc8fa87384134e58dc708b970aae83e3211b9178d2706f
f7bbb99aeb7081e211a22cc60d778eb97b65f7c30f2ea31d11e2083b601ff31dd4704321a63bf93c1fc230e297d814c7706dcc920809384d26f951828ec16f44
f3a542a1928f10895d274611b8bd311e932176fad2a5bbbb74dea1701a0b2e078634e949d7d8b050d8d1615122f89c0734718e106db830cf881df7f17de13a14
7101171a6e41fdb9f9ddcb79b4b330a2628bad66d7557f0bbb85c1e8b0a4e64c26836c52cff3bd4a33f3af00546ce23ad54ea553c9fc29001a0e61a52917dda7
dfaab7dafe02ab81d2438bef76b55d2e1a78cd7f798373d3973f03af40a97f6f03dfed06104503af4029dedfc07b5eb51478065e81527c65035f2d34db5ed5c0
2b5048497cb8812ef89572b05c6d061933ba6785d77daf5b2d2d9caf50500d5975c929c62c16db6a2d42f758d2058004522448ec88f9148fd110aa3840940c12
e2ec93490885374531e3305c2815ba8532fc973f4f1da988a01d8c346bc90b98f08d21c9c7e1c3844c45c3fd18bcba1ae4cdcb1fdfbc7cee9c3c7a71f2e89793
c78f4f1efd9c3a32acf6503cd1ad5e7fffc5df4f3f75fe7afeddeb275fd9f15cc7fffed367bffdfaa51d082b5d85e0d5d7cffe78f1ecd5379ffff9c3130bbc99
a0810eef930873e73a3e766eb10816a6426032c783e4ed2cfa2122ba45339e701423398bc57f478406fafa1c5164c1b5b019c13b09488c0d787576cf20dc0b93
9920168fd7c2c8001e30465b2cb146e19a9c4b0b737f164fec9327331d770ba123dbdc018a8dfc766653d05662731984d8a07993a258a0098eb170e4357688b1
6575770931e27a408609e36c2c9cbbc46921620d499f0c8c6a5a19ed9108f232b711847c1bb139b8e3b418b5adba8d8f4c24dc15885ac8f73135c27815cd048a
6c2efb28a27ac0f791086d247bf364a8e33a5c40a6279832a733c29cdb6c6e24b05e2de9d7405eec693fa0f3c84426821cda7cee23c674649b1d06218aa6366c
8fc4a18efd881f428922e7261336f80133ef10790e7940f1d674df21d848f7e96a701b9455a7b42a107965965872791533a37e7b733a4658490d08bfa1e71189
4f15f73559f7ff5b5907217df5ed53cbaa2eaaa0371362bda3f6d6647c1b6e5dbc03968cc8c5d7ee369ac53731dc2e9b0decbd74bf976ef77f2fdddbeee7772f
d82b8d06f9965bc574abae36eed1d67dfb9850da13738af7b9daba73e84ca32e0c4a3bf5cc8ab3e7b8690887f24e86090cdc2441cac64998f88488b017a229ec
ef8bae7432e10bd713ee4c19876dbf1ab6fa96783a8b0ed8287d5c2d16e5a3692a1e1c89d578c1cfc6e15143a4e84a75f50896b9576c27ea51794940dabe0d09
6d329344d942a2ba1c9441520fe610340b09b5b277c2a26e615193ee97a9da6001d4b2acc0d6c9810d57c3f53d30012378a242148f649ed2542fb3ab92f92e33
bd2d984605c03e625901ab4cd725d7adcb93ab4b4bed0c99364868e566925091513d8c87688417d52947cf42e36d735d5fa5d4a02743a1e683d25ad1a8d6fe8d
c579730d76ebda40635d2968ec1c37dc4ad9879219a269c31dc3633f1c4653a81d2eb7bc884ee0ddd95024e90d7f1e6599265cb4110fd3802bd149d520220227
0e2551c395cbcfd24063a5218a5bb104827061c9d541562e1a3948ba99643c1ee3a1d0d3ae8dc848a7a7a0f0a95658af2af3f383a5259b41ba7be1e8d819d059
720b4189f9d5a20ce0887078fb534ca33922f03a3313b255fdad35a685eceaef13550da5e3884e43b4e828ba98a77025e5191d7596c5403b5bac1902aa8564d1
080713d960f5a01add34eb1a2987ad5df7742319394d34573dd35015d935ed2a66ccb06c036bb13c5f93d7582d430c9aa677f854bad725b7bed4bab57d42d625
20e059fc2c5df70c0d41a3b69acca026196fcab0d4ecc5a8d93b960b3c85da599a84a6fa95a5dbb5b8653dc23a1d0c9eabf383dd7ad5c2d078b9af549156df3d
f44f136c700fc4a30d2f81675470954af8f09020d810f5d49e24950db845ee8bc5ad0147ce2c210df741c16f7a41c90f72859adfc97965af90abf9cd72aee9fb
e562c72f16daadd243682c228c8a7efacda50bafa2e87cf1e5458d6f7c7d89966fdb2e0d599467eaeb4a5e11575f5f8aa5ed5f5f1c02a2f3a052ead6cbf55625
572f37bb39afddaae5ea41a5956b57826abbdb0efc5abdfbd0758e14d86b9603afd2a9e52ac520c8799582a45fabe7aa5ea9d4f4aacd5ac76b3e5c6c6360e5a9
7c2c6201e155bc76ff010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f
7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be
9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980
ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5b
babac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e
745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72656c732f
2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f7468656d652f74
68656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100aa5225dfc60600008b1a00001600000000000000000000000000d6020000746865
6d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000d00900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cb0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e30000000000000000000000e0000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff0900060000000000000000000000010000000100000000000000001000000200000001000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdffffff04000000feffffff05000000fefffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffff010000000c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000906f
8e4afbc3cf010300000080020000000000004d0073006f004400610074006100530074006f0072006500000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001a000101ffffffffffffffff020000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000906f8e4afbc3cf01
906f8e4afbc3cf010000000000000000000000004a0049004100470059004600c900c4003400c4003400c0004c00dc005900c500dd00dc004f00db005000d0003d003d000000000000000000000000000000000032000101ffffffffffffffff030000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000906f8e4afbc3
cf01906f8e4afbc3cf010000000000000000000000004900740065006d0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000a000201ffffffff04000000ffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000fc00000000000000010000000200000003000000feffffff0500000006000000070000000800000009000000feffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff3c623a536f75726365732053656c65637465645374796c653d225c415041536978746845646974696f6e4f66666963654f6e6c696e652e78736c22205374796c654e616d653d22415041222056657273696f6e3d22362220786d6c6e733a
623d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f6f6666696365446f63756d656e742f323030362f6269626c696f6772617068792220786d6c6e733d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f6f6666696365446f63756d656e74
2f323030362f6269626c696f677261706879223e3c2f623a536f75726365733e000000003c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d226e6f223f3e0d0a3c64733a6461746173746f72654974656d2064733a6974656d49443d227b36303036
383032342d363435412d343737412d413032462d4336323546374333424233467d2220786d6c6e733a64733d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f6f6666696365446f63756d656e742f323030362f637573746f6d586d6c223e3c64733a736368656d61526566733e3c
64733a736368656d615265662064733a7572693d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e500072006f007000650072007400690065007300000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000200ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000400000055010000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f6f6666696365446f63756d656e742f323030362f6269626c696f677261706879222f3e3c2f64733a736368656d61526566733e3c2f64733a6461746173746f
72654974656d3e0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}